date	url
03-01-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-01-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war with Hamas has moved here.
	3. UN Women calls war in Gaza "a war on women"
	4. Israeli spokesperson responds to CNN investigation into indiscriminate fire that killed half a Gaza family
	5. US and Italian leaders reaffirm commitment to Israel's right to self-defense in Oval Office meeting
	6. Biden says US airdrops into Gaza will begin "very soon" and his hope for a Monday ceasefire appears unlikely
	7. More countries call for investigation into Gaza food site tragedy. Here’s where things stand
	8. Talks on an Israel-Hamas ceasefire deal appear on track after killings at Gaza aid site, officials say
	9. White House defends Israel's ability to investigate carnage at Gaza aid convoy
	10. Biden calls for immediate temporary ceasefire as part of Israel-Hamas hostage deal
	11. The US will airdrop humanitarian aid into Gaza, Biden announces
	12. Hamas and political rival Fatah agree on continued meetings after talks in Moscow
	13. At least 10 Gazan children have starved to death, UN says, as Israeli siege threatens a "man-made famine"
	14. Jordan says it airdropped aid into northern Gaza, as food crisis worsens
	15. Turkish president Erdogan calls Israel's military campaign in Gaza "a genocide attempt" 
	16. EU to donate $54 million to UN's agency for Palestinian refugees, amid staff investigation
	17. Germany urges Israel to "fully investigate" food aid site tragedy, as international condemnation grows
	18. France backs UN's call for independent inquiry into food aid site tragedy. Here's what you need to know
	19. Why Motaz Azaiza, the Palestinian photographer who captured the war, chose to leave Gaza
	20. EU calls for investigation into reports of indiscriminate killing of civilians in Gaza, following CNN story
	21. France to support independent inquiry into Gaza aid site deaths
	22. News outlets including CNN, Reuters and the BBC call for greater protection of journalists in Gaza
	23. Analysis: Palestinian factions seek unity at Moscow meeting
	24. Over 100 killed after Israeli forces open fire at Gaza food line, health ministry says. Here's what to know
	25. UN chief condemns deadly Gaza aid site tragedy
	26. Biden and Qatari leader say deadly aid site tragedy underscores urgency for ceasefire deal 
	27. US pressing Israel for answers on deaths at northern Gaza aid site, State Department says
	28. IDF responds to CNN investigation into  indiscriminate killing of half an entire family
03-02-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-02-24
	0. What we covered
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war against Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. A cargo ship has sunk in the Red Sea days after being attacked by Houthi rebels
	4. Meeting between Canada's Trudeau and Italy's Meloni canceled due to pro-Palestinian protests
	5. UN Security Council expresses 'deep concern' over deadly Gaza aid convoy incident
	6. US says more aid drops are coming to Gaza as ceasefire-hostage negotiations continue. Catch up here
	7. Days spent playing or going to school have been replaced by forced displacement and trauma for Gaza's kids
	8. What to know about the humanitarian airdrops into Gaza
	9. Israeli strike on refugee camp kills at least 11 Palestinians, including medical staff, health ministry says
	10. After first US airdrop, Biden says amount of aid flowing into Gaza is not enough 
	11. Ceasefire talks are expected to resume in Cairo, according to sources
	12. Israel has "basically accepted" 6-week ceasefire proposal and is waiting on Hamas, US official says
	13. US has seen civilians approach and distribute airdropped aid in Gaza, according to official
	14. Cargo ship sinks 12 days after being hit by Houthi missile as Yemen warns of "environmental disaster"
	15. US is planning more Gaza airdrops in the coming days after first one was "successful," White House says
	16. The US has started dropping aid in Gaza as it faces criticism from humanitarian groups. Here's what to know
	17. "A temporary Band-Aid": Aid agencies criticize US airdrop plans in Gaza
	18. JUST IN: US airdrops of aid into Gaza have begun
	19. Talks on an Israel-Hamas ceasefire deal appear on track despite killings at Gaza aid site, officials say
	20. Large number of gunshot wounds among those injured at Gaza food aid site carnage, UN says 
	21. At least 17 killed and dozens injured in Israeli strikes on Gaza, Palestinian news agency says 
	22. IDF announces daily suspension of military activities in Rafah and Deir Al-Balah until March 7
	23. More countries call for investigation into Gaza food site tragedy. Here’s where things stand
	24. Biden says US airdrops into Gaza will begin "very soon" and his hope for a Monday ceasefire appears unlikely
	25. Israeli spokesperson responds to CNN investigation into indiscriminate fire that killed half a Gaza family
	26. UN Women calls war in Gaza "a war on women"
	27. At least 10 Gazan children have starved to death, UN says, as Israeli siege threatens a "man-made famine"
	28. Hamas and rival faction Fatah agree on continued meetings after talks in Moscow
	29. US announces plans to airdrop humanitarian aid into Gaza
03-03-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-03-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war against Hamas has moved here.
	3. Vice President Kamala Harris repeats US call for temporary ceasefire in Gaza
	4. What we know about the state of negotiations as Israel skips ceasefire talks
	5. Israel is not sending a delegation to Cairo for Gaza talks, Israeli official tells CNN
	6. Israel largely stands by claims over deadly aid convoy incident as it announces findings of initial review
	7. At least 15 children dead from dehydration and malnutrition in Gaza, the Ministry of Health confirms
	8. Israel says it helped the US coordinate the delivery of humanitarian aid into Gaza
	9. Ceasefire deal not likely in next 48 hours, source says. Here are the latest headlines
	10. Permanent ceasefire needed for Hamas to agree to hostage deal, source tells CNN
	11. Indiscriminate Israeli fire killed half a family in Gaza, CNN investigation uncovers
	12. Hamas delegation arrives in Cairo for further talks, source tells CNN
	13. Vital humanitarian aid intended for Gaza being obstructed by Israel, CNN investigation finds
	14. 90 people killed in Gaza over the past 24 hours, says Gaza Ministry of Health
	15. A cargo ship has sunk in the Red Sea days after being attacked by Houthi rebels
	16. UN Security Council expresses "deep concern" over deadly Gaza aid convoy incident
	17. After first US airdrop, Biden says amount of aid flowing into Gaza is not enough 
	18. Ceasefire talks are expected to resume in Cairo, according to sources
	19. Israel has "basically accepted" 6-week ceasefire proposal and is waiting on Hamas, US official says
	20. What to know about humanitarian airdrops into Gaza
	21. Days spent playing or going to school have been replaced by forced displacement and trauma for Gaza's kids
	22. Israeli strike on refugee camp kills at least 11 Palestinians, including medical staff, health ministry says
03-04-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-04-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war with Hamas has moved here.
	3. Israel recalls UN ambassador after claiming there was "attempt to silence" report on sexual assaults
	4. Devastation in Gaza reinforces urgency of ongoing ceasefire talks. Here's what to know today
	5. Palestinian ambassador says suspension of funding to UN aid organization in Gaza is exacerbating suffering
	6. UN Palestinian relief agency says it is facing "financial crisis" after allegations of October 7 involvement 
	7. Hamas says "there is no way to know the fate" of Israeli hostages in Gaza until there is a complete ceasefire
	8. US will continue to support Israel militarily, State Department says 
	9. White House defends decision to meet with Israeli war cabinet member Benny Gantz 
	10. UN team found "clear and convincing information" some Gaza hostages were sexually abused, top official says
	11. US vice president says Gantz meeting will focus on ceasefire deal, release of hostages and Gaza aid 
	12. UN agency accuses Israel of coercing staffers into false confessions about ties to Hamas
	13. "Gantz does not represent" Israel on US trip, government official insists
	14. 9-year-old treks 1.5 kilometers every day to find water
	15. US tells UN "sensitive negotiations" are needed to end Gaza crisis, not ceasefire resolutions
	16. At least 8 killed in Israeli strike on aid truck in central Gaza
	17. Gaza cemetery at full capacity with more bodies arriving every day, caretaker says
	18. More children have died from dehydration and malnutrition in Gaza. Here's what else to know
	19. Israel's ambassador to the US told not to participate in war cabinet minister's meetings in Washington, DC 
	20. Biden's special envoy arrives in Lebanon to help find diplomatic solution between Hezbollah and Israel
	21. Israeli Eurovision song entry rewritten to remove October 7 attack references
	22. Israeli war cabinet member and Netanyahu rival Benny Gantz begins high-level meetings in Washington 
	23. At least 1 foreign worker killed and 7 others injured in anti-tank missile attack on northern Israel
	24. UN human rights chief warns Gaza is like a "powder keg" that could spark a wider regional war
	25. Gaza health care system “completely destroyed,” warns Palestinian-American doctor in Rafah
	26. Children are starving to death in Gaza, Palestinian officials say, as a ceasefire deal appears to stall
	27. Here's what we know about the state of negotiations as Israel skips ceasefire talks in Cairo
	28. Vice President Kamala Harris repeats US call for temporary ceasefire in Gaza
	29. Israel not sending delegation to Cairo for Gaza talks, Israeli official says
	30. Permanent ceasefire needed for Hamas to agree to hostage deal, source tells CNN
	31. Vital humanitarian aid intended for Gaza being obstructed by Israel, CNN investigation finds
03-05-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-05-24
	0. What we covered here 
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war against Hamas has moved here.
	3. Hezbollah fires rockets at Israel after Israeli airstrike kills at least 3 in southern Lebanon
	4. Palestinian Authority caretaker prime minister looks ahead to "the day after" war
	5. Food aid convoy turned away by Israeli forces in Gaza, UN World Food Programme says
	6. Babies due to be born in the next month are at risk of dying in Gaza, UNICEF says
	7. 364 health workers have been killed since October 7, Gaza health ministry says
	8. Sanitation conditions in Gaza are challenging with only 1 toilet per 340 displaced people in Gaza, UNICEF says
	9. Talks over ceasefire deal continue as hunger mounts in Gaza. Catch up here
	10. Israeli protesters urge Biden to help with release of hostages
	11. US is looking at options for a maritime corridor to get aid to Gaza, Pentagon says
	12. Top US diplomat pushed for more aid to Gaza in meeting with Israeli minister, State Department says
	13. Hamas says it has presented a response to ceasefire negotiations to mediators in Egypt 
	14. Biden says ceasefire deal is "in the hands of Hamas"
	15. UN aid agency unsure if it will be able to pay its staff to deliver food in Gaza after funding frozen
	16. Aid agencies warn of "extreme" child malnutrition, particularly in northern Gaza 
	17. Israeli forces fired at people waiting for aid on Monday night in northern Gaza, eyewitnesses say
	18. Israel "intentionally starving the Palestinian people," UN experts say  
	19. More aid airdropped into Gaza on Tuesday, videos show
	20. Blinken says "it is on Hamas" to accept an immediate ceasefire in Gaza
	21. Fighting on Israel-Lebanon border could lead to a "dangerous escalation," Israeli defense minister says
	22. Ceasefire talks between Hamas and mediators facing "difficulties," Egyptian state media reports
	23. US, Jordanian forces airdrop more aid to Gaza as food crisis mounts
	24. Palestinian mother pleads for "God's mercy" after 7-year-old daughter dies of starvation in Gaza
	25. Israeli attacks kill 97 people in 24 hours, health ministry says
	26. Houthi missile damages Swiss-owned container ship, US military says
	27. Devastation in Gaza reinforces urgency of ongoing ceasefire talks. Here's what to know
	28. Children are starving to death in Gaza, WHO chief says
	29. Fate of Israeli hostages in Gaza will remain unknown until ceasefire, Hamas says 
	30. US support for Israel's military campaign will continue, State Department says
	31. UN report finds "convincing" information that hostages in Gaza were raped
	32. White House defends decision to meet with Israeli war cabinet member Benny Gantz 
	33. UN agency accuses Israel of detaining, coercing staffers into false confessions about ties to Hamas
03-06-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-06-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war with Hamas has moved here.
	3. US military says it struck 2 drones in Yemen that threatened merchant vessels and US Navy ships
	4. Health care workers in Gaza warn the most vulnerable population could die of starvation. Here's the latest 
	5. 3 crew members killed and at least 4 injured in Houthi attack on commercial ship, US military says
	6. South Africa submits new request in its ICJ case against Israel
	7. Hezbollah says 2 fighters killed in Tuesday's Israeli airstrike in southern Lebanon
	8. At least 20 Gazans have died due to malnutrition since the beginning of war, says health ministry in strip
	9. Gaza health worker warns "thousands of babies" could starve if Israel’s siege on food aid persists
	10. Crew members killed for first time in Houthi attack on commercial ship off coast of Yemen, US officials say
	11. About 40% of UN-coordinated aid missions in Gaza denied or impeded by Israel last month, United Nations says
	12. Children die of hunger and mothers are unable to breastfeed newborns in Gaza
	13. Israel advances thousands of new West Bank settlement units to final approval stages
	14. EU chief to travel to Cyprus to discuss plans to create maritime aid corridor to Gaza  
	15. At least 94 journalists killed during Israel-Hamas war, CPJ reports
	16. Palestinian and Turkish leaders discuss means to end "brutal Israeli aggression"
	17. Hamas to continue ceasefire negotiations and Gantz to meet UK foreign secretary. Catch up here
	18. UK to warn Israel about need to expand humanitarian aid into Gaza
	19. Explosion reported near American-owned ship off Yemen's coast
	20. Hamas "will continue negotiations" to reach a ceasefire in Gaza
	21. Decision not to reduce Muslim worshippers visiting Al-Aqsa during Ramadan "endangers" Israelis, far-right minister says
	22. Israeli war cabinet member Benny Gantz heads to the UK after controversial US visit
	23. Israel strikes Hezbollah in Lebanon in fresh cross-border violence
	24. New US draft resolution at UN calls for "immediate" Gaza ceasefire to free hostages, source says
	25. Hamas responds to ceasefire proposals as hunger mounts in Gaza. Catch up here
	26. Food aid convoy turned away by Israeli forces in Gaza, UN World Food Programme says
	27. Hamas responds to ceasefire proposal but accuses Israel of "stalling"
	28. Babies due to be born in the next month are at risk of dying in Gaza, UNICEF says
	29. Israeli protesters urge Biden to help with release of hostages
	30. Sanitation conditions challenging with only 1 toilet per 340 displaced people in Gaza, UNICEF says
	31. US is looking at options for a maritime corridor to get aid to Gaza, Pentagon says
	32. Israel "intentionally starving the Palestinian people," UN experts say 
	33. Aid agencies warn of "extreme" child malnutrition, particularly in northern Gaza
	34. UN aid agency unsure if it will be able to pay its staff to deliver food in Gaza after funding frozen
03-07-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-07-24
	0. What we covered here 
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Biden addressed Israel's war in Gaza in his State of the Union speech. Here's the main takeaways
	4. Stability in the Middle East means "containing the threat posed by Iran," Biden says
	5. Biden says "Israel has a right to go after Hamas," but is also responsible for protecting civilians
	6. Biden reiterates US call for a two-state solution 
	7. Biden says US military will open temporary aid port in Gaza
	8. Biden pledges to bring American hostages home
	9. UN Gaza reconstruction leader says aid needs to be flooded into the enclave
	10. UN welcomes US plan for Gaza port and emphasizes land access for aid distribution
	11. UN official in Gaza advocates for road access as "the only solution" to prevent starvation
	12. US military to open port in Gaza for aid as Israel is accused of restricting critical assistance. Catch up here
	13. CIA director is in the Middle East amid ceasefire talk impasse, sources say
	14. Gaza in desperate need of blood from international community, according to strip's health ministry 
	15. Injured journalist says he witnessed Israeli tanks fire at civilians gathered at roundabout in Gaza City
	16. UN condemns Israel’s plan for new West Bank settlement units
	17. Released Israeli hostage describes "hell" of being held in Gaza
	18. Israel has prepared a new land crossing directly into northern Gaza, US official says 
	19. Israel allowed only 25% of possible UN aid missions into northern Gaza in February, UN office says
	20. Biden will direct US military to establish port in Gaza for humanitarian aid, officials say
	21. US and Jordanian militaries conduct third airdrop into Gaza
	22. Hungry parents in Gaza forced to ration food among their starving children, according to aid worker
	23. Chef José Andrés calls for more aid to Gaza: "This is only a drop of water in an ocean of need"
	24. Turkish Red Crescent sends its largest aid ship to Gaza
	25. Children in Gaza who survived bombardment "may not survive a famine," WHO chief warns
	26. Lebanon reiterates its vision to end hostilities between Hezbollah and Israel, government source says
	27. Gaza ceasefire negotiations at a standstill with no deal likely by Ramadan 
	28. Hamas must know which hostages are alive, Israeli official says
	29. Hamas leaves Cairo with no breakthrough in negotiations
	30. Israel dismisses UN assertion that aid convoy headed for northern Gaza was turned away
	31. Sweden initiates talks with Israel over Gaza humanitarian aid
	32. 2 Filipinos among crew members killed in Houthi attack on commercial ship
	33. It's morning in Gaza. Here's what you need to know
	34. South Africa submits new request in its ICJ case against Israel
	35. US military says it struck 2 drones in Yemen that threatened merchant vessels and US Navy ships
	36. 3 crew members killed and at least 4 wounded in Houthi attack on commercial ship, US military says
	37. At least 20 Palestinians have died due to malnutrition since start of war, Gaza health ministry  says 
	38. About 40% of UN-coordinated aid missions in Gaza denied or impeded by Israel last month, agency says
	39. At least 94 journalists killed during Israel-Hamas war, CPJ reports
03-08-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-08-24
	0. All
03-09-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-09-24
	0. What we covered
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. First equipment to build a temporary port in Gaza for aid is en route, US Central Command says
	4. Jordan says it airdropped aid into northern Gaza Saturday
	5. Israeli airstrikes kill at least 5 in southern Lebanon, according to state media
	6. Biden says he is holding out hope for a Gaza ceasefire before Ramadan, despite stalled talks
	7. Biden says there is no "red line" where he would cut off all weapons shipments to Israel
	8. Airstrike hits residential buildings in central Gaza, killing 8, witnesses and hospital officials say
	9. Israeli police confront protesters demanding Netanyahu's ouster 
	10. Gaza resident and NGO worker says getting aid trucks into strip would be more efficient than airdrops and port
	11. Trudeau discusses hostage efforts and looming Rafah offensive in call with Israeli war cabinet member
	12. The US conducted more airdrops in Gaza, but aid groups question the effectiveness. Here's what you should know
	13. US says it shot down at least 28 Houthi drones after "large-scale" attack over the Red Sea
	14. Why aid experts say the risks of airdrops outweigh their benefits 
	15. More people have died in Gaza due to lack of food and water, health ministry says
	16. US conducts more humanitarian airdrops into Gaza
	17. CIA director meets with Israeli intelligence director
	18. IDF claims it targeted Hamas military asset in Rafah strike after Palestinian reports of civilian casualties
	19. Yemen’s Houthis say they targeted a "number" of US war destroyers in Red Sea and Gulf of Aden
	20. 4 out of 5 households in Gaza lack access to safe water, UN says
	21. French armed forces destroy 4 combat drones in Gulf of Aden
	22. Sweden resumes UNRWA funding after aid agency’s assurances of "stricter controls"
	23. Scores injured in Israeli strike on residential building in central Rafah, Palestinian news agency says
	24. Canada to resume UNRWA funding after UN takes "significant" steps to address October 7 allegations
	25. EU hopes to launch maritime aid corridor to Gaza from Cyprus this weekend
	26. US shoots down 15 drones over Red Sea and Gulf of Aden
	27. A humanitarian crisis continues to unfold in Gaza. Here's what you should know
	28. Battle brewing over military exception for ultra-Orthodox Israelis
	29. How some Israelis are trying to stop humanitarian aid from getting into Gaza
	30. At least 23 people have now died from dehydration and malnutrition in Gaza, health ministry says
	31. Biden casts doubt on prospects for hostage deal by Ramadan
	32. Doctors Without Borders calls US plan for temporary aid pier in Gaza a "glaring distraction" from real problem
	33. It could take 2 months and 1,000 troops for US to construct floating pier for aid to Gaza, Pentagon says
	34. Pentagon says humanitarian airdrops by the US on Friday did not result in civilian deaths
	35. Israeli road splitting Gaza in two has reached the Mediterranean coast, CNN analysis shows
	36. On International Women’s Day, Palestinian mothers and daughters face unimaginable suffering in Gaza
	37. Israeli military's timeline of troops opening fire on food aid convoy undermines previous statements
03-10-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-10-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Biden says Gaza crisis is "front of mind" in statement marking start of Ramadan
	4. Netanyahu says Israel will move forward with invasion of Rafah and responds to Biden's criticism
	5. Hamas political chief says group still open to Gaza truce talks after mediation fails before Ramadan
	6. Israeli foreign minister to bring hostage relatives to the United Nations for meeting on sexual crimes report
	7. The US and Jordan have conducted more humanitarian aid drops into Gaza, US forces say
	8. Biden warns Netanyahu he risks losing international support due to casualties in Gaza. Catch up here
	9. Biden says Netanyahu is "hurting more than helping" Israel by failing to minimize casualties
	10. Israeli road splitting Gaza in two has reached the Mediterranean coast
	11. "No dates yet" to resume ceasefire negotiations, Hamas member tells CNN
	12. Gaza renews appeals for humanitarian aid ahead of Ramadan
	13. Ship carrying aid to Gaza from Cyprus expected to depart on Sunday
	14. Gaza's Civil Defense says aid drops have led to casualties and injuries
	15. Death toll from airstrikes in central Gaza rises to 13
	16. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you should know
	17. First equipment to build a temporary port in Gaza for aid is en route, US Central Command says
	18. Jordan says it airdropped aid into northern Gaza Saturday
	19. Israeli airstrikes kill at least 5 in southern Lebanon, according to state media
	20. Biden says he is holding out hope for a Gaza ceasefire before Ramadan, despite stalled talks
	21. Biden says there is no "red line" where he would cut off all weapons shipments to Israel
	22. Airstrike hits residential buildings in central Gaza, killing 8, witnesses and hospital officials say
	23. Israeli police confront protesters demanding Netanyahu's ouster 
	24. US says it shot down at least 28 Houthi drones after "large-scale" attack over the Red Sea
	25. Aid experts say the risks of airdrops outweigh their benefits 
	26. More people have died in Gaza due to lack of food and water, health ministry says
03-11-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-11-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. US destroys anti-ship missiles in Houthi-controlled Yemen
	4. There have never been UN Security Council meetings on sexual assaults against Palestinians, ambassador says
	5. WHO team delivers aid to Al-Shifa Hospital in northern Gaza
	6. Israel strikes targets deep in Lebanon following Hezbollah attacks
	7. US ambassador urges Security Council to avoid drawing "false equivalency" between actions of Hamas and Israel
	8. Biden says he has no plans right now to meet Netanyahu or address the Israeli parliament
	9. US intelligence says Netanyahu's leadership may be in jeopardy as devastation in Gaza continues. Catch up here
	10. Israeli foreign minister blasts UN secretary-general over "unacceptable" response to Hamas' actions
	11. Israeli military examining whether a senior Hamas commander was killed in airstrike in central Gaza
	12. Famine is imminent in northern Gaza if aid does not increase, head of World Food Programme says
	13. Ship carrying aid to Gaza from Cyprus delayed due to "practical issues," Cypriot official says
	14. Netanyahu’s "viability as a leader" may be in jeopardy, US intelligence assessment says
	15. 2 newborns die in Gaza due to malnutrition and dehydration, doctor says 
	16. At least 67 killed in overnight Israeli strikes, Gaza health authorities say
	17. "We need things now," UN spokesperson says on US timeline for Gaza aid pier
	18. Jordan's queen condemns Israeli war tactics and says no amount of aid can substitute for a ceasefire 
	19. Israeli government has not presented US with a plan for Rafah, State Department says 
	20. UN secretary-general renews calls for ceasefire and aid delivery to Gaza as Ramadan begins
	21. Netanyahu says Biden agreed that Israel has to destroy Hamas — and there is "no middle way" 
	22. US conducts additional airdrop of humanitarian aid into Gaza, Central Command says 
	23. "He’s wrong on both counts": Rift between Netanyahu and Biden widens over planned Rafah offensive
	24. Explosion heard in vicinity of vessel in Red Sea, but crew and vessel reported safe
	25. United Nations special envoy arrives in Israel to investigate allegations against Gaza aid agency
	26. Israeli officials say an offensive into Rafah is not imminent
	27. German leader Scholz calls for ceasefire "ideally during Ramadan"
	28. Rafah on edge as Ramadan begins and ceasefire talks stall. Catch up here
	29. Biden says Gaza crisis is "front of mind" in statement marking start of Ramadan
	30. US not anticipating Israeli forces to enter Rafah at the start of Ramadan
	31. Netanyahu says Israel will move forward with invasion of Rafah and responds to Biden's criticism
	32. "No dates yet" to resume ceasefire negotiations, Hamas member tells CNN
	33. Israeli road splitting Gaza in two has reached the Mediterranean coast
	34. Biden says Netanyahu is "hurting more than helping" Israel by failing to minimize casualties
03-12-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-12-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Houthis fire close-range ballistic missile at US warship but miss, CENTCOM says
	4. IDF troops kill 2 Palestinians and wound 3 others north of Jerusalem, Palestinian Ministry of Health says
	5. IDF says UN aid convoy entered northern Gaza via new route
	6. Israeli border police kills 12-year-old Palestinian child at refugee camp in Jerusalem, Israeli police say
	7. Israel claims it struck "Hezbollah military infrastructures" in Syria
	8. Aid ship headed to Gaza and dual US-Israeli citizen reported killed on October 7. Catch up here
	9. US pier off Gaza coast will be ready in about 2 months and help deliver millions of meals, Pentagon says
	10. White House tries to walk back Biden's comments about Rafah offensive being a red line for US
	11. Ceasefire deal remains possible despite "very tough process," CIA director says
	12. First food convoy since February 20 successfully reaches northern Gaza, according to UN agency
	13. At least 3 killed in Lebanon in series of Israeli strikes around city of Baalbek, state media reports
	14. Israel and Hamas are "nowhere near a deal," Qatari foreign ministry spokesperson says
	15. Israel turns away aid trucks for having scissors in medical kits, UN relief agency head says
	16. UN welcomes charity aid ship but says it's "not a substitute" to assistance over land
	17. Biden "devastated" over death of Israeli-American citizen
	18. Itay Chen’s father called on White House to find new ways to get American hostages out of Gaza for months
	19. Jordanian Air Force drops aid into northern Gaza
	20. Dual US-Israeli citizen Itay Chen killed on October 7, Israel Defense Forces announce
	21. Nonprofit says it will distribute 200 tons of aid once ship reaches Gaza 
	22. Children in Gaza are suffering "relentless mental harm," charity warns
	23. Health official says aid entering northern Gaza is "not enough for anyone"
	24. Ship carrying aid to Gaza departs from Cyprus, non-profit says
	25. In pictures: Islamic holy month of Ramadan begins in Gaza
	26. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you need to know
	27. US destroys anti-ship missiles in Houthi-controlled Yemen
	28. There have never been UN Security Council meetings on sexual assaults against Palestinians, ambassador says
	29. WHO team delivers aid to Al-Shifa Hospital in northern Gaza
	30. Israel strikes targets deep in Lebanon following Hezbollah attacks
	31. US ambassador urges Security Council to avoid drawing "false equivalency" between actions of Hamas and Israel
	32. Biden says he has no plans right now to meet Netanyahu or address the Israeli parliament
	33. Famine is imminent in northern Gaza if aid does not increase, World Food Programme chief says
	34. Netanyahu’s "viability as a leader" may be in jeopardy, US intelligence assessment says
	35. Israeli officials say an offensive into Rafah is not imminent
	36. Biden says Gaza crisis is "front of mind" in statement marking start of Ramadan
	37. UN special envoy arrives in Israel to investigate allegations against Gaza aid agency
03-13-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-13-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. US destroys 4 drones and 1 surface-to-air missile in Houthi-controlled areas of Yemen, CENTCOM says
	4. Gazans struggle to find places to pray during Ramadan after mosques are destroyed
	5. This Ramadan, hunger in Gaza means Palestinians will break their fast with scraps
	6. White House officials are expected to meet with Arab and Muslim leaders in Chicago Thursday, sources say
	7. Hezbollah leader vows to continue fighting against Israel as he claims Netanyahu has “lost the war”
	8. Israel unleashes more deadly airstrikes. Here's what you should know
	9. UK is "doing everything" to get more aid into Gaza while pressing Israel to lift restrictions 
	10. US conducts 9th aid drop of humanitarian aid into Gaza
	11. UN relief agency director calls for accountability after deadly Israeli strike on its building in Gaza
	12. Blinken speaks with parents of killed hostage and reiterates call for Hamas to accept ceasefire proposal 
	13. Israeli strike kills 5 Palestinians after hitting UN relief agency building, hospital director says
	14. EU's top diplomat says Gaza population's survival is at stake in meeting with US secretary of state
	15. Israel says it killed a high-profile Hamas operative in Lebanon
	16. 2 Palestinians killed in Israeli raid on Jenin in occupied West Bank, according to health officials
	17. More children killed in 4 months of war in Gaza than in 4 years of conflicts worldwide, UN relief agency says 
	18. 15-year-old suspect in West Bank checkpoint stabbing has died, Israeli police say
	19. Relative of Palestinian boy facing starvation in northern Gaza says "there is no treatment" for him
	20. Germany will begin aid airdrops into Gaza
	21. Mediator Qatar says it hopes for Israel-Hamas truce before April 9
	22. Two security personnel wounded in stabbing near Jerusalem
	23. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you need to know
	24. Houthis fire close-range ballistic missile at US warship but miss, CENTCOM says
	25. IDF says UN aid convoy entered northern Gaza via new route
	26. Israeli border police officer kills 12-year-old Palestinian at refugee camp in Jerusalem
	27. Aid pier that will be used to deliver aid in Gaza is expected to open in 60 days, Pentagon says
	28. IDF troops kill 2 Palestinians and wound 3 others north of Jerusalem, Palestinian Ministry of Health says
	29. Children in Gaza are suffering "relentless mental harm," NGO warns
	30. Dual US-Israeli citizen Itay Chen killed on October 7
	31. Israel turns away aid trucks for having scissors in medical kits, UN relief agency head says
03-14-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-14-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Australia says it will resume funding for UN agency in Gaza
	4. US forces destroy 9 anti-ship missiles and 2 drones in Houthi-controlled areas of Yemen, central command says
	5. White House welcomes appointment of new Palestinian Authority prime minister
	6. Israel's military denies attacking people waiting for food aid in Gaza City
	7. At least 20 killed and 155 hurt by Israeli shelling as they waited for aid in Gaza City, health ministry says
	8. Hamas delivers latest response in ongoing talks for a Gaza ceasefire and hostage release
	9. It will take years to clear the millions of tons of debris in Gaza, UN chief says
	10. Thousands protest in Tel Aviv over exemption of ultra-Orthodox Israelis from mandatory military service
	11. Family say they endured 5 months of "psychological warfare" before learning their son died on October 7
	12. Palestinian Authority president appoints prime minister to form new government, Palestinian media says
	13. Far-right Israel minister says US sanctions on West Bank settlers are proof it doesn't know who the enemy is
	14. Netanyahu's Likud party slams Schumer for not respecting the Israeli government
	15. Activists slam Biden administration ahead of key meeting with Arab and Muslim leaders
	16. Top US senator criticizes Netanyahu as Israel looks to move displaced Palestinians in Rafah. Catch up here
	17. Israeli troops kill at least 7 Palestinians waiting for aid in Gaza, eyewitness and doctor say
	18. White House not weighing in on Schumer's Netanyahu criticism and call for new election in Israel
	19. Satellite images show site of jetty where first aid ship set to dock in Gaza
	20. Republican leader McConnell slams Schumer's call for new election in Israel
	21. US sanctions Israeli settler outposts in West Bank, State Department announces 
	22. Schumer criticizes Netanyahu government and calls for new election in speech on Israel-Hamas war
	23. US and Jordan conduct additional aid drop into Gaza, Central Command says 
	24. Civilians turn to eating wild plants in northern Gaza as supplies of animal feed run out
	25. Israeli forces clashed with armed individuals near Jenin government hospital in occupied West Bank, IDF says 
	26. Food aid group hopes to get another 300 tons of aid onto second Gaza-bound ship by end of day
	27. Israeli military says strike on UN center in Gaza killed Hamas commander
	28. Vessel reports explosion while sailing near Yemen, the UK maritime authority says
	29. Israeli military says it aims to move 1.4 million displaced Gazans from Rafah to "humanitarian enclaves"
	30. Over 400 Palestinians killed by Israel in occupied Palestinian territories since October, health ministry says
	31. Delta will resume flights to Israel in June
	32. "Staggering" number of children killed in Gaza. Here's what to know
	33. US military destroys 4 drones and 1 surface-to-air missile in Houthi-controlled areas of Yemen
	34. Gazans struggle to find places to pray during Ramadan after mosques are destroyed
	35. This Ramadan, hunger in Gaza means Palestinians will break their fast with scraps
	36. White House officials expected to meet Arab and Muslim leaders in Chicago on Thursday
	37. Hezbollah leader vows to continue fighting against Israel as he claims Netanyahu has “lost the war”
	38. Blinken speaks with parents of killed hostage and reiterates call for Hamas to accept ceasefire proposal
	39. UN relief agency director calls for accountability after deadly Israeli strike on its building in Gaza
	40. EU's top diplomat says Gaza population's survival is at stake
	41. More children killed in 4 months of war in Gaza than in 4 years of conflicts worldwide, UNRWA says
	42. Israel says it killed a high-profile Hamas operative in Lebanon
03-15-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-15-24
	0. What we covered
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war against Hamas in Gaza has moved here. 
	3. Houthis fire 3 missiles toward the Red Sea on Friday, US military command says
	4. At least 95 journalists have been killed in the Israel-Hamas war, journalism advocacy group says
	5. Senior Hamas member says hostage deal must include Israeli withdrawal from Gaza. Catch up on the latest
	6. Israel's military claims video shows "Palestinian gunmen" opening fire in the midst of Gazans waiting for food
	7. Hamas continues to demand complete withdrawal of Israeli troops from Gaza in ceasefire talks
	8. US is "cautiously optimistic" ahead of ceasefire talks in Doha, White House official says
	9. Senior Hamas official tells CNN he "cannot reassure anyone" that hostages in Gaza are safe
	10. Palestinian father in southern Gaza says his sick and starving child "has become like a skeleton"
	11. Aid ship arrives in Gaza as Israel says it approved "plans for action" in Rafah. Here's what you need to know
	12. Israeli delegation likely heading to Doha early next week for hostage release talks, officials say
	13. US is sending a floating dock the size of a football field to the Gaza coast to help with aid delivery
	14. White House doesn't answer directly when asked if Biden thinks Netanyahu is an obstacle for peace
	15. Yemen's Houthis threaten to expand strikes on Israeli and US ships sailing across Indian Ocean
	16. Blinken says intense efforts underway to close gap between Hamas and Israel in deal discussions 
	17. Acute malnutrition doubles within one month among children in northern Gaza, according to UNICEF
	18. Nonprofit confirms first pallet of aid has been offloaded after barge connected to Gaza jetty
	19. Biden praises Schumer speech critical of Netanyahu and says it shared "serious concern" among Americans
	20. White House says it has not seen any plan on Rafah from Israel 
	21. US airdrops more humanitarian aid into Gaza
	22. Experts have repeatedly warned that no method of humanitarian relief is as effective as delivery by land
	23. Diplomat confirms outline of latest proposal from Hamas as Israeli delegation heads to Doha for talks
	24. Spanish aid ship begins unloading cargo after reaching Gaza shoreline, according to journalist at scene
	25. Israeli prime minister approves plans for military action in Rafah
	26. Relatives of hostages protest outside Israeli military headquarters as cabinet considers latest Hamas offer 
	27. 80,000 Muslim worshippers attend peaceful first Friday prayers at Al-Aqsa Mosque
	28. "I miss my freedom": Palestinian women in Gaza say they are exhausted by the terror of war
	29. Diplomat tells CNN mediation efforts on Gaza ceasefire moving in positive direction
	30. IDF says it did not open fire at aid convoy in Gaza but claims Palestinian gunmen were responsible
	31. Egyptian president says he hopes for ceasefire in Gaza in "a few days at most"
	32. New US resolution at UN Security Council says truce should lead to "sustainable ceasefire"
	33. Analysis: A speech that sent shockwaves from Washington to Jerusalem
	34. Latest Hamas response in talks for a Gaza ceasefire and hostage release will be submitted Friday
	35. "People here are dying of hunger," Gazans awaiting aid ship tell CNN
	36. Aid ship appears to be nearing Gaza coast
	37. The Gaza conflict’s forgotten shipping crew held hostage in the Red Sea
	38. Merchant vessel in Red Sea struck by missile, UK maritime security agency says
	39. Australia will resume funding for UN agency in Gaza
	40. It's morning in Gaza. Here's what you need to know
	41. Palestinian Health Ministry says Israeli shelling killed at least 20 people waiting for aid, which Israel denies
	42. US announces more sanctions on Israeli settlers in West Bank
	43. It will take years to clear the millions of tons of debris in Gaza, UN chief says
	44. Hamas delivers latest response in talks for a Gaza ceasefire and hostage release
	45. Palestinian Authority president appoints prime minister to form new government
	46. US military says it destroyed 9 anti-ship missiles and 2 drones in Houthi-controlled areas of Yemen 
	47. Canada paused military equipment exports to Israel in January over rights violation risks, source says
	48. Netanyahu's Likud party slams Schumer for not respecting the Israeli government
	49. Schumer criticizes Netanyahu government and calls for new election in speech on Israel-Hamas war
03-16-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-16-24
	0. What we covered
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Explosion reported by merchant vessel in the Red Sea
	4. World Health Organization chief "gravely concerned" about Israel's plan in Rafah 
	5. Thousands in Israel protest for release of hostages and call on government to resign
	6. Blinken and Bahraini crown prince discuss 6-week ceasefire as part of possible hostage release deal
	7. Mossad director expected to travel to Doha for ceasefire talks, according to diplomatic source
	8. Germany, US and Jordan airdrop aid into Gaza
	9. 37 killed in Israeli strike on residential block in central Gaza, health ministry says 
	10. More than 60 killed in Gaza in past 24 hours, health ministry says
	11. All aid brought to Gaza by ship being readied for distribution, World Central Kitchen says
	12. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you need to know
	13. Acute malnutrition doubles within one month among children in northern Gaza, according to UNICEF
	14. Senior Hamas official tells CNN he "cannot reassure anyone" that hostages in Gaza are safe
	15. Israel's military claims video shows "Palestinian gunmen" opening fire in the midst of Gazans waiting for food
	16. Israeli delegation likely heading to Doha early next week for hostage release talks, officials say
	17. Nonprofit confirms first pallet of aid has been offloaded after barge connected to Gaza jetty
	18. White House says it has not seen any plan on Rafah from Israel 
	19. US airdrops more humanitarian aid into Gaza
	20. Experts have repeatedly warned that no method of humanitarian relief is as effective as delivery by land
	21. Diplomat confirms outline of latest proposal from Hamas as Israeli delegation heads to Doha for talks
	22. Spanish aid ship begins unloading cargo after reaching Gaza shoreline
	23. Israeli prime minister approves plans for military action in Rafah
03-17-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-17-24
03-18-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-18-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. US and Israeli officials will discuss alternatives to Rafah ground offensive, White House says
	4. US forces destroy anti-ship missiles and drones in Houthi-controlled Yemen, central command says
	5. Top US humanitarian aid official says report warning of imminent famine in Gaza “is a horrific milestone”
	6. Biden and Netanyahu talk as devastation and starvation in Gaza worsen. Here's what to know
	7. Medical organization calls for protection of staff and patients in Al-Shifa Hospital after heavy fighting
	8. Malnutrition is complicating children’s recovery from injuries in Gaza, doctors say
	9. Israel has been waiting for the right time to act at Al-Shifa Hospital, military spokesperson says 
	10. Senior Hamas commander killed in Israeli airstrike last week, White House says
	11. Hamas military wing says it engaged in "fierce clashes" near Al-Shifa hospital
	12. Biden voiced "deep concerns" at Rafah operation in call with Netanyahu, national security adviser says 
	13. Israeli military launches operation at Al-Shifa Hospital in Gaza. Here's what else we know 
	14. Biden and Netanyahu discussed situation in Rafah and aid for Gaza, White House says
	15. Israeli forces allege "terrorist fire" from Al-Shifa hospital toward Israeli troops
	16. The World Food Programme warns famine in northern Gaza is "imminent"
	17. Biden and Netanyahu will speak Monday for the first time in a month as rift deepens
	18. WHO chief says "hospitals should never be battlegrounds" as Israeli military operation at Al-Shifa continues 
	19. Israeli forces arrest Al Jazeera correspondent at Al-Shifa hospital, network says
	20. Israeli military operation ongoing at Al-Shifa hospital as Palestinian describes devastation on the ground 
	21. Talks between Israel spy chief and mediators will start on Monday in Qatar, source tells CNN
	22. Palestinian American injured by Israeli strike in central Gaza calls on Biden to “please make it stop”
	23. "Trucks are stopped, people are dying": Top EU diplomat claims Israel is using starvation as weapon of war
	24. Israeli military orders evacuation from area surrounding Al-Shifa Hospital
	25. Surgical building on fire and casualties reported after Israeli incursion on Gaza’s Al-Shifa Hospital
	26. Analysis: Netanyahu’s response to Schumer widens rift in US-Israeli relations
	27. It's morning in Gaza. Here's what you need to know
	28. Israeli military announces death of soldier abducted by Hamas on October 7
	29. Irish leader remarks on shared history with Palestinians in White House visit
	30. Senior Hamas official says the group's latest proposal for a ceasefire is "logical"
	31. White House says it hasn't seen a "credible" plan from Israel to protect civilians if it moves into Rafah
	32. Schumer's speech about the Israeli government sends ripples from Washington to Jerusalem
	33. Why a new maritime corridor is unlikely to stop the looming famine in Gaza
03-19-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-19-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. UK says its largest aid package to Gaza has arrived
	4. Israel's operation at Al-Shifa Hospital continues as thousands shelter in complex. Here's the latest
	5. Netanyahu will address US Senate Republicans via video on Wednesday
	6. US defense secretary will host Israeli defense minister at the Pentagon next week
	7. Al Jazeera journalist describes detention by Israelis at Al-Shifa Hospital
	8. Artillery launches from Lebanon landed in Israel on Tuesday, IDF says
	9. Netanyahu confidant and Israeli national security adviser will visit DC to discuss Rafah operation
	10. WHO warns growing number of infants in Gaza are on the "brink of death" due to lack of food
	11. Israeli Security Agency says Palestinian in West Bank killed after opening fire on its personnel 
	12. Al-Shifa Hospital is "besieged" by Israeli forces, Gaza Civil Defense official says 
	13. US and Israel talks on Rafah are likely to occur "early next week," White House says
	14. Netanyahu says he remains intent on achieving war goals despite increasing international pressure 
	15. Israeli restrictions on aid to Gaza may amount to war crime of starvation, UN human rights chief says  
	16. Israeli military sends texts to Palestinians in Gaza offering cash for information on hostages
	17. Israeli delegation leaves Doha with no breakthrough but mediators remain optimistic, Qatari official says 
	18. Aid group confirms 200 tons of food from first ship delivered successfully to northern Gaza 
	19. Israeli operation at Al-Shifa Hospital continues as people trapped inside warn of dire conditions
	20. Mossad director leaves Doha after participating in ceasefire talks
	21. 100% of Gaza is at “severe levels of acute food insecurity,” Blinken says 
	22. Chinese envoy meets Hamas political leader after first visit to Israel since war began
	23. More than 1 million people in Gaza face "catastrophic" hunger levels, UN report warns
	24. Blinken to visit Saudi Arabia and Egypt for talks on Israel-Hamas ceasefire deal
	25. Israel will send some Palestinian patients in East Jerusalem hospitals back to Gaza
	26. US and Israeli officials will discuss alternatives to Rafah ground offensive. Here's what to know
	27. US military says it destroyed anti-ship missiles and drones in Houthi-controlled areas of Yemen
	28. US and Israeli officials will discuss alternatives to Rafah ground offensive, White House says
	29. Malnutrition is complicating children’s recovery from injuries in Gaza, doctors say
	30. Top US humanitarian aid official says report on imminent famine in Gaza “is a horrific milestone”
	31. Doctors Without Borders calls for protection of staff and patients in Al-Shifa Hospital after heavy fighting
	32. The World Food Programme warns famine in northern Gaza is "imminent"
	33. WHO chief says "hospitals should never be battlegrounds" after Israeli military raid at Al-Shifa 
03-20-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-20-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. US and coalition forces destroy drone and unmanned surface vessel launched by Houthis, CENTCOM says
	4. Saudi Crown Prince tells Blinken that need for ceasefire in Gaza is urgent, state media says 
	5. Hamas says Israel gave a negative response to its counterproposal. Catch up on the latest
	6. Blinken says gaps are narrowing in negotiations on Gaza ceasefire and hostage release
	7. Israeli Supreme Court halts plan to return Palestinian hospital patients to Gaza after doctors appeal
	8. Israeli military subjected Palestinians to "humiliating investigation" during raid, Al-Shifa official says
	9. Regional relationships are needed for sustained peace in Gaza, US and Saudi officials say
	10. Netanyahu was critical of Schumer in address to Senate Republicans
	11. Israel’s response to Hamas' latest counterproposal was "negative in general," Hamas spokesperson says
	12. Canadian government indefinitely suspends arms exports to Israel
	13. Gazans in desperate need of humanitarian aid as WHO issues stark warning on starving babies. Catch up here
	14. Israeli attack kills at least 3 militants in Jenin, Palestine Red Crescent Society says
	15. US House speaker considering inviting Israeli prime minister to address Congress
	16. Blinken not expected to be personally involved in talks with Israeli officials in DC about Rafah offensive
	17. IDF says it detained senior Hamas operative allegedly involved in 2014 murder during Al-Shifa raid
	18. Nonprofit to ask Israel's Supreme Court to stop removal of Palestinians in East Jerusalem hospitals to Gaza
	19. Netanyahu acknowledges disagreement with Biden as he renews pledge to launch military operation in Rafah
	20. Saudi Arabia announces $40 million funding for UN agency for Palestinian refugees 
	21. UK surgeon who returned from Gaza recounts seeing child with "burns so bad you could see her facial bones"
	22. "It's free, I'm not:" Bombs have not deterred Gazan children from making kites with whatever they can find
	23. Gaza official rejects IDF claim of 4 senior Hamas members killed in Rafah airstrike
	24. 248 humanitarian trucks entered Gaza on Tuesday, Israel says
	25. IDF says it killed 90 "terrorists" around Al-Shifa as doctors say men forced to strip outside hospital
	26. Injured civilians forced out of Al-Shifa as reports of torture surface, Gaza Civil Defense spokesperson says
	27. US Secretary of State Antony Blinken expected to travel to Israel Friday
	28. Biden could find himself in an uncomfortable position if Netanyahu ignores his Rafah warnings
	29. UK says its largest aid package to Gaza has arrived
	30. Israeli raid continues at Al-Shifa Hospital, where thousands are sheltering. Here's the latest
	31. Netanyahu will address US Senate Republicans via video today
	32. Netanyahu confidant and Israeli national security adviser will visit DC to discuss Rafah offensive
	33. Growing number of infants in Gaza are on the "brink of death" due to lack of food, WHO warns 
	34. US and Israel talks on Rafah are likely to occur "early next week," White House says
	35. Aid group confirms 200 tons of food from first ship delivered successfully to northern Gaza 
	36. Israeli military sends texts to Palestinians in Gaza offering cash for information on hostages
	37. Israeli restrictions on aid to Gaza may amount to war crime of starvation, UN human rights chief says
03-21-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-21-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Blinken says he believes a ceasefire deal is possible. Here's what you should know
	4. 1 unmanned surface vessel and 2 anti-ship ballistic missiles launched by Houthis destroyed, US says
	5. US military conducts another airdrop of food into Gaza
	6. European Union leaders fall short of calling for immediate ceasefire in Gaza during summit
	7. Israeli government says it will not send Palestinians in hospitals back to Gaza until Supreme Court rules
	8. US UN Security Council resolution on Gaza will be brought to a vote on Friday 
	9. Blinken says "gaps are narrowing" for hostage deal, but difficult challenges remain 
	10. More than 600 people have been arrested since raiding Al-Shifa Hospital, Israeli military says
	11. Mediators say ceasefire talks are progressing — but there are still "a lot of differences." Catch up here
	12. US officials: Blinken urged Qatar to pressure Hamas with expulsion from Doha as Gaza ceasefire talks stalled
	13. Palestinians in Gaza present complex views on Hamas in poll
	14. Hostage talks expected to resume Friday in Qatar, sources say
	15. Top US commander for Middle East says he is "not aware" of Israel's plans to mitigate civilian harm in Rafah
	16. More land crossings into Gaza is the only way to prevent famine, WHO chief says
	17. Palestinian family separated by war wonder if they will ever see each other again
	18. Vote on US UN resolution calling for immediate ceasefire could come as soon as this week, source says
	19. War in Gaza shows "the failure of humanity," EU's top diplomat says 
	20. Woman living near Al-Shifa in Gaza recounts "catastrophic" situation amid explosions and gunfire
	21. Israel-Hamas talks progressing positively but "a lot of differences" remain, diplomatic source says
	22. US House speaker confirms he will extend an invitation to Netanyahu to address Congress
	23. Israel submits letter assuring use of US-provided weapons complies with international humanitarian law
	24. Satellite images show 35% of buildings in Gaza have been damaged or destroyed, UN says
	25. Hamas says 4 fighters killed during Israeli operation in West Bank
	26. Egypt's president and top US diplomat discuss ways to secure "immediate ceasefire" in Gaza
	27. Video emerges from inside Al-Shifa hospital of warnings to civilians to stay in the hospital or "be shot" 
	28. Israeli military says more than 140 militants killed as Al-Shifa operation enters fourth day
	29. Blinken meets Egyptian president in Cairo ahead of Israel trip to discuss ceasefire and hostage deal
	30. It's morning in Gaza. Here's what you need to know
	31. US and coalition forces destroy drone and unmanned surface vessel launched by Houthis
	32. Blinken says gaps are narrowing in negotiations on Gaza ceasefire and hostage release
	33. Israeli court halts plan to return Palestinian hospital patients to Gaza after doctors appeal
	34. Regional relationships are needed for sustained peace in Gaza, US and Saudi officials say
	35. Netanyahu critical of Schumer in address to Senate Republicans
	36. Israel’s response to latest Hamas counterproposal was "negative in general," spokesperson says
	37. Canada indefinitely suspends arms exports to Israel
	38. Netanyahu says Rafah evacuation plan will be approved soon
03-22-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-22-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage for the day has ended. Follow the latest Israel-Hamas war news or read through the updates below.
	3. Palestinians say they had to walk over "people’s body parts" while escaping Israeli raid on Al-Shifa Hospital
	4. CNN videos show large groups of people fleeing violence at Gaza's largest hospital
	5. Israeli raid on Gaza’s Al-Shifa Hospital continues for a fifth day
	6. Israeli offensive in Rafah would be devastating, says US nurse who cared for Palestinians in southern Gaza
	7. Israel says it's investigating video of Israeli airstrike on 4 apparently unarmed Palestinian civilians
	8. Netanyahu doubles down on plan for Rafah offensive after meeting with top US diplomat. Catch up here 
	9. Nurse treating Palestinians in southern Gaza says Israeli strikes have "decimated" the health care system 
	10. Blinken says Israeli offensive into Rafah risks "further isolating Israel around the world"
	11. There's no safe way for civilians to evacuate Rafah, US vice president says
	12. Blinken tells Netanyahu US is committed to defeat of Hamas as administration works to deter Rafah offensive
	13. Netanyahu says Israel will go into Rafah even without US support
	14. Blinken greets protesters in Tel Aviv calling for release of hostages
	15. Rafah mission is "imperative," Israeli war cabinet member tells Blinken
	16. What Israeli and Palestinian ambassadors are saying following the UN Security Council's vote
	17. Spain, Ireland, Malta and Slovenia signal "readiness" to recognize Palestinian state in two-state solution
	18. France will propose Gaza initiative to UN Security Council
	19. US-proposed Gaza resolution at UN shows shifting position during war, analysts say
	20. US condemns vetoes from Russia and China on proposed UN resolution
	21. UN Security Council does not pass US-proposed resolution supporting ceasefire tied to hostage release
	22. Blinken's meeting with the Israeli war cabinet meeting has ended
	23. US ambassador calls for an immediate and sustained ceasefire in Gaza
	24. Israeli military admits error in published photos of detainees in Al-Shifa Hospital
	25. Finland will resume funding to UN Palestinian refugee agency, official says
	26. Blinken meets with Netanyahu in Israel as diplomatic efforts for deal ramp up
	27. Blinken arrives in Israel to meet with Netanyahu and Israeli war cabinet
	28. Blinken heads to Israel for more tough conversations with Netanyahu
	29. UN Security Council will vote on a US resolution on Gaza today. Catch up here
	30. Israel will not send Palestinians in hospitals back to Gaza until Supreme Court rules
	31. US-proposed UN Security Council resolution on Gaza will be brought to a vote today 
	32. Blinken says "gaps are narrowing" for hostage deal, but difficult challenges remain 
	33. US officials say Blinken urged Qatar to pressure Hamas with expulsion from Doha
	34. Israeli military says it killed more than 140 people in Al-Shifa Hospital raid
	35. Hostage talks expected to resume Friday in Qatar, sources say
03-23-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-23-24
03-24-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-24-24
03-25-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-25-24
03-26-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-26-24
	0. What we covered here 
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage for the day has ended. Follow the latest Israel-Hamas war news or read through the updates below.
	3. US national security adviser will meet with Israel's defense minister again, White House says
	4. Average of roughly 200 aid trucks a day are now getting into Gaza, senior US official says
	5. Hamas calls on Western countries to end “offensive” aid airdrops into Gaza
	6. At least 18 people killed in Rafah attack, says Gaza Ministry of Health
	7. 12 Palestinians drown while trying to retrieve parcels, as aid falls into the sea
	8. Qatar says there is no "negative impact" of UN ceasefire resolution on Israel and Hamas talks
	9. Israeli forces launch attacks on northern and southern Gaza, after UN Security Council demands ceasefire
	10. Palestinian man detained by Israeli troops near Al-Shifa Hospital alleges abuse
	11. Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh arrives in Tehran to discuss war in Gaza
	12. Israeli strikes kill Palestinians observing Ramadan in Gaza, eyewitnesses say
	13. Israeli siege puts Al Amal Hospital "out of service," Palestine Red Crescent Society says
	14. UK carries out first solo airdrop into Gaza
	15. Israeli attacks persist in Gaza after UN Security Council resolution demands immediate ceasefire
	16. Low point reached in rift between Biden and Netanyahu
	17. Israel's push for more US weaponry comes at a delicate moment
	18. UN vote deepens US-Israel tensions. Here's what you need to know
	19. China welcomes UN Security Council resolution calling for immediate ceasefire, while criticizing US
	20. UNICEF spokesperson says obstructions slow "lifesaving aid" to Gaza
	21. Eyewitness says Hamas and Islamic Jihad militants were at Al-Shifa Hospital before Israeli raid
	22. Israeli military says it killed 180 "terrorists" in and around Al-Shifa Hospital
	23. Israel "will not cease fire," foreign minister says after UN Security Council resolution
	24. Israeli defense minister tells US outcomes of war in Gaza "will impact the region for decades to come"
	25. Netanyahu cancels Israeli delegation's trip to Washington after US abstains from UN vote
	26. Lebanon says Israeli airstrikes killed two people
	27. Hamas says it will hold to its original "position and vision" on a complete ceasefire in Gaza
	28. US negotiators remain in Doha for ceasefire negotiations, source says 
	29. Hamas says sticking points in Gaza ceasefire deal remain 
	30. CNN analyst says Hamas response to US proposal on Gaza hostage-prisoner exchange could take days
	31. Israel says plan to recognize Palestinian statehood would be a "reward for terrorism"
	32. UN Security Council approves draft resolution calling for immediate ceasefire in Gaza, but US abstains
	33. Israel agrees to US proposal on prisoner-hostage exchange and is awaiting Hamas’ response, CNN analyst says
03-27-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-27-24
03-28-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-28-24
03-29-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-29-24
	0. All
03-30-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-30-24
	0. What we covered
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Israeli police arrest 16 people in Tel Aviv during anti-government protests
	4. Gaza to receive desperately needed food aid in the coming days by ship as death toll rises. Catch up here
	5. Anti-government protests call for release of hostages and Netanyahu's removal
	6. Egypt will host new round of Israel-Hamas talks Sunday, Egyptian state-run media reports
	7. Nearly 400 tons of food aid will arrive in Gaza by ship in the coming days, NGO says
	8. Ship transporting food aid to Gaza leaves Cyprus port
	9. Israel admits killing 2 Palestinians and then burying them with a bulldozer after shocking video surfaces
	10. 16 arrested for incitement in Jerusalem during Friday prayers, Israeli police say
	11. WHO chief says 9,000 patients in Gaza require urgent evacuation abroad
	12. Israel to investigate after boy killed in West Bank raid
	13. 4 UN peacekeepers injured in Lebanon blast
	14. Thousands in Jordanian capital protest Israel’s war in Gaza
	15. Death toll in Gaza surpasses 32,700, health ministry says
	16. UN vehicle reportedly hit by strike in southern Lebanon; IDF denies responsibility
	17. UN says Israel denied 30% of aid missions to northern Gaza in March
	18. IDF says 1 soldier killed in southern Gaza as fighting continues throughout the territory
	19. 13-year-old boy killed by Israeli forces during military raid into occupied West Bank
	20. Rescheduled talks between US and Israel about potential Rafah operation could happen on Monday, officials say
03-31-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-03-31-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. New Palestinian government sworn in
	4. Family members of hostages attend massive protest calling for Netanyahu to resign 
	5. Deadly strike reported outside Gaza hospital as Israeli raid continues at another. Here's the latest
	6. Christians in Gaza observe Easter Sunday with prayers for peace instead of traditional joyous celebration
	7. Netanyahu rejects calls for early elections, saying only Hamas would benefit from them
	8. Israel says it killed "significant" Hezbollah anti-tank commander in Lebanon airstrike
	9. More anti-government protests held in Israel as Netanyahu heads in for medical procedure
	10. At least 2 killed by Israeli strike near Al-Aqsa medical facility, hospital spokesperson says 
	11. Jordan says it made 10 more aid drops into northern Gaza
	12. Thousands have protested across the world this weekend for a ceasefire in Gaza
	13. Pope calls for ceasefire and humanitarian access to Gaza in Easter Sunday message
	14. Yariv Levin to temporarily act as Israeli prime minister as Netanyahu undergoes hernia surgery
	15. Besieged Al-Shifa Hospital will turn into a graveyard of doctors and patients, medical staff warn
	16. Israeli operations at Al-Shifa Hospital enter 2-week mark as those trapped inside run out of basic supplies
	17. Israel and Hamas truce talks resume in Cairo, Egyptian media report
	18. Ireland might just be Europe's most pro-Palestinian nation. Colonialism explains why
	19. Two people were "lightly injured" in a stabbing attack in southern Israel
	20. Israeli police arrest 16 people in Tel Aviv during anti-government protests
	21. Fresh talks on ceasefire and hostage deal set for Cairo on Sunday, Egyptian state-run media reports
	22. Nearly 400 tons of food aid will arrive in Gaza by sea in the coming days, NGO says
04-01-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-01-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Japan lifts funding suspension of UN Palestinian relief agency
	4. Australian among aid workers killed in Gaza, Australia's prime minister says
	5. Iran's foreign minister says Israel carried out consulate attack, but that the US is responsible
	6. 5 people working with World Central Kitchen non-profit killed in Gaza, José Andrés says
	7. White House is set to approve largest foreign military sale to Israel since October 7. Here's the latest
	8. Here's what Gaza's Al-Shifa Hospital looked like before it was devastated during Israel's siege
	9. US has not yet seen operational plans from Israel on Rafah strategy, US official says
	10. Russia denounces attack on Iranian consulate in Damascus. Here are the latest reactions
	11. Al Jazeera accuses Netanyahu of "inflammatory slanders" after saying he will shut down network in Israel
	12. Analysis: Middle East on the brink of an expanded war after attack on Iranian consulate in Damascus
	13. US did not expect a breakthrough from Monday’s talks with Israeli officials on Rafah strategy, official says
	14. Biden administration set to approve $18 billion deal to send fighter jets to Israel
	15. Iran threatens to retaliate against Israel after blaming it for deadly airstrike on its consulate in Damascus
	16. Second Iranian military senior commander killed in attack on consulate in Damascus, revolutionary guard says
	17. Netanyahu says he will temporarily shut down Al Jazeera news network in Israel
	18. Iran accuses Israel of killing Iranian military commander in airstrike on consulate in Damascus, Syria
	19. UN is planning a mission to Al-Shifa Hospital following Israel's withdrawal
	20. Al-Shifa hospital aftermath shows need for long-term Israeli plan for Gaza, State Department says
	21. US and Israeli officials are holding high-stakes virtual meeting today on Rafah, White House confirms
	22. IDF says those detained in Al-Shifa hospital are being "treated in accordance with international law"
	23. In photos: Aftermath of Israeli troop withdrawal from Al-Shifa hospital reveals trail of destruction 
	24. Satellite images show significant destruction at Al-Shifa hospital after IDF troops withdraw
	25. Pediatrician who returned from Gaza says it’s a "massacre of human and civilian life" 
	26. Video shows extent of the damage on Gaza's Al-Shifa hospital after 14-day siege 
	27. US will push for alternative to Rafah ground offensive in virtual meeting with Israel
	28. Israel faces largest protests since war began as Netanyahu grapples with growing pressure
	29. It is "almost impossible" for ambulances to reach the Al-Shifa hospital, Gaza's Civil Defense says
	30. Sister of Hamas leader arrested in Israel on terror offenses
	31. Al-Shifa hospital devastated after Israeli forces withdraw: Here's what we know
	32. Israel's defense minister praises what he calls a "determined and professional" operation in Al-Shifa hospital
	33. Medical crews work to recover hundreds of bodies at Al-Shifa hospital 
	34. At least 300 bodies found at Al-Shifa hospital after Israeli military withdrawal, Gaza's Civil Defense says
	35. Protesters take to the streets of Jerusalem for the second day calling for Netanyahu's removal
	36. "Entire families dead": Journalist describes scene at Al-Shifa Hospital after Israeli troops withdraw
	37. Israeli military withdraws from Gaza's Al-Shifa Hospital after two-week siege
	38. It's morning in Gaza. Here's what you need to know
	39. New Palestinian government sworn in
	40. Family members of hostages attend massive protest calling for Netanyahu to resign 
	41. Anti-government protests in Israel call for Netanyahu's resignation
	42. Israeli strike kills at least 2 near Gaza's Al-Aqsa medical complex, hospital spokesperson says 
	43. Israeli raid of Al-Shifa Hospital enters second week as people trapped inside run out of supplies
	44. Israel and Hamas truce talks resume in Cairo, Egyptian media reports
	45. Nearly 400 tons of food aid will arrive in Gaza by sea in the coming days, NGO says
	46. Thousands protested across the world this weekend for a ceasefire in Gaza
	47. Rescheduled US-Israel talks on Rafah offensive could happen today, officials say
04-02-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-02-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Australian aid worker killed in Gaza leaves "legacy of compassion, bravery and love," family says
	4. World Central Kitchen worker killings has touched off fury inside the Biden White House, official says
	5. Israel takes responsibility for killing aid workers in strike, prime minister's spokesperson says
	6. Israel's military chief apologizes for strikes that killed 7 aid workers. Here's what you should know 
	7. Biden says Israel has "not done enough to protect civilians" in Gaza after airstrikes kill 7 aid workers
	8. World Central Kitchen identifies 7 aid workers killed by Israeli strike
	9. Palestinian-American doctor says he walked out of meeting with Biden and Muslim community
	10. Australian prime minister speaks with Netanyahu after Israel's deadly strike on aid workers
	11. Refugee organization workers in Gaza are afraid after World Central Kitchen strike, director says
	12. Israeli general says strike on World Central Kitchen team was a "mistake that followed a misidentification"
	13. US conducts another food airdrop into northern Gaza, central command says
	14. Palestinian Authority renews request for UN membership
	15. "She met them with humanity." Friend remembers aid worker killed in Israeli strike
	16. White House changes iftar plans with Muslim community leaders after pushback over starving Gazans 
	17. Protesters confront Israeli police near Netanyahu's residence in Jerusalem
	18. US assessment is that Israel carried out strike in Damascus on Monday, Pentagon says
	19. "Situation is increasingly intolerable" in Gaza, UK prime minister tells Netanyahu after strike on aid workers
	20. Blinken marks National Arab American Heritage Month "at a time of immense pain" in Gaza
	21. White House reiterates no US involvement in Damascus strike that Iran blamed on Israel
	22. British nationals and dual US citizen among aid workers killed by Israeli strike in Gaza. Catch up on the latest 
	23. Thousands of Israeli protesters call for Netanyahu's removal from office and the release of hostages
	24. Israeli president apologizes to World Central Kitchen founder
	25. Biden administration outraged by Israeli airstrike that killed aid workers, official says
	26. Aid worker deaths in Gaza exceed annual casualties of any other conflict in past 20 years, data shows
	27. US has "longstanding commitment" to Israel's security, Blinken says as scrutiny over military sale grows
	28. Gaza's largest hospital permanently out of service, acting director says
	29. Aftermath video of deadly World Central Kitchen strike is consistent with Israeli targeting, expert says 
	30. Israeli opposition leader will visit Washington next week, his spokesperson says
	31. Israeli defense minister instructs forces to maintain transparent communication after aid convoy strike
	32. UK summons Israeli ambassador over strike that killed aid workers, including British nationals, in Gaza
	33. A US-Canadian dual citizen was killed in the strike on a World Central Kitchen convoy, US official says 
	34. Here's how World Central Kitchen helps those in need
	35. Biden administration in touch with World Central Kitchen founder José Andrés following strike on aid workers
	36. UN chief warns of "devastating consequences" if there is escalation in the Middle East
	37. US secretary of state calls for thorough probe into Israeli strike that killed aid workers
	38. What the deadly strike on humanitarian workers could mean for aid delivery across Gaza
	39. US charity suspends operations in Gaza following World Central Kitchen aid worker deaths
	40. Top Israeli general will review findings of strike on food aid charity convoy that killed 7 people
	41. Al-Shifa Hospital no longer able to function, WHO says
	42. Netanyahu says Israel "unintentionally struck innocent people" as military investigates aid workers strike
	43. Iran's supreme leader vows Israel "will be punished" for strike on consulate in Syria
	44. Israeli negotiators set to leave Cairo after drawing up new proposal for Hamas
	45. Maritime corridor delivering humanitarian aid to Gaza will continue, Cyprus president says
	46. US told Iran it had no involvement or advance knowledge of consulate strike in Syria, US official says
	47. At least 7 aid workers killed in Israeli strike in Gaza. Here's what we know so far
	48. International organizations and countries react to killing of aid workers in Gaza
	49. Israeli military says it is investigating aid worker killings “at the highest levels”
	50. Iranian president says attack on its consulate in Syria "will not go unanswered"
	51. White House is "deeply troubled" by killing of aid workers in Gaza, US National Security Council says
	52. Warsaw confirms Polish aid worker killed in Gaza and demands "urgent explanations"
	53. International humanitarian organizations mourn aid workers killed in Gaza
	54. China says it is shocked by killing of aid workers in Gaza
	55. China condemns attack on Iranian consulate in Syria
	56. UK says it is urgently seeking further information on death of British aid worker
	57. Strike on Iran's consulate in Syria escalates Middle East tensions. Here's what we know
	58. Gaza Civil Defense condemns killing of aid workers, holds Israel accountable
	59. Hospital names Palestinian aid worker killed in central Gaza
	60. 2 more aid workers confirmed dead in Israeli strike in Gaza, non-profit says, bringing toll to 7
	61. US national security adviser to visit Saudi Arabia this week, official says
	62. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you need to know
	63. Japan lifts funding suspension of UN Palestinian relief agency
	64. Australian among aid workers killed in Gaza, Australia's prime minister says
	65. Israeli strike kills 5 aid workers in Gaza, non-profit and officials say
	66. Iran's foreign minister says Israel carried out consulate attack, but that the US is responsible
	67. Biden administration set to approve $18 billion deal to send fighter jets to Israel
	68. Netanyahu says he will temporarily shut down Al Jazeera news network in Israel
	69. Analysis: Middle East on the brink of an expanded war after attack on Iranian consulate in Damascus
	70. Iran threatens to retaliate against Israel after blaming it for deadly airstrike on its consulate in Damascus
	71. Israeli troops left trail of destruction after withdrawing from Al-Shifa Hospital 
04-03-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-03-24
	0. What we covered
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here. 
	3. US Defense Secretary expresses 'outrage' over aid-worker deaths to Israeli counterpart
	4. US forces destroy Houthi missile and drones launched toward warship
	5. In a post in Hebrew, Iran's supreme leader warns Israel it will regret attacking consulate in Damascus
	6. US demanding Israeli military make changes to help protect aid workers in Gaza, US official says
	7. Biden will express frustrations after death of aid workers in call with Netanyahu tomorrow, official says
	8. Biden set to speak to Netanyahu after expressing outrage over death of aid workers. Catch up on the latest 
	9. World Central Kitchen has yet to decide when to resume Gaza operations
	10. Aid boat left Gaza without offloading most of its cargo after deadly strike, Cyprus says
	11. Israel's military says it’s increasing recruitment and calling up reservists for air defense
	12. Biden expressed commitment to ceasefire and hostage deal during contentious meeting with Muslim leaders
	13. Spanish prime minister calls Israel's response to aid worker killings "unacceptable and insufficient"
	14. Aid groups telling US they are worried about Gaza after World Central Kitchen attack, State Department says 
	15. Israeli strike on aid workers was "unacceptable," US State Department spokesperson says
	16. World Central Kitchen founder José Andrés accuses Israel of systematically targeting aid workers
	17. UN aid agency suspending nighttime movements for 48 hours to assess security concerns
	18. Key opposition leaders call for early elections in Israel
	19. More than a dozen leading aid agencies call for urgent international action ahead of possible Rafah offensive
	20. White House expresses support of Israel in war against Hamas despite outrage following aid workers' deaths 
	21. "He died trying to help people," family of British national killed in Gaza says
	22. White House could have in-person meeting with Israeli delegation about Rafah next week
	23. British aid worker killed by Israeli airstrike "was selfless," cousin says
	24. Analysis shows Israeli attack that killed aid workers consisted of multiple precision strikes
	25. Family members of hostages held in Gaza storm the gallery of Israel's parliament
	26. "Britain will be watching very closely," foreign minister tells Israel about getting more aid into Gaza
	27. UK should stop selling weapons to Israel, former security adviser says
	28. Suspect killed after 4 Israeli officers injured in car ramming attack at checkpoint, police say
	29. Israeli minister calls for unity following violent anti-government protests in Jerusalem 
	30. Top US humanitarian official says aid worker deaths are "devastating and deeply alarming"
	31. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you need to know
	32. Australian aid worker killed in Gaza leaves "legacy of compassion, bravery and love," family says
	33. Aid worker killings have touched off fury inside the Biden White House, official says
	34. Biden says Israel has "not done enough to protect civilians" in Gaza after airstrikes kill 7 aid workers
	35. World Central Kitchen identifies 7 aid workers killed by Israeli strike
	36. Palestinian-American doctor says he walked out of meeting with Biden and Muslim community
	37. Israeli general says strike on World Central Kitchen team was a "mistake that followed a misidentification"
	38. Protesters confront Israeli police near Netanyahu's residence in Jerusalem
	39. US assessment is that Israel carried out strike in Damascus, Pentagon says
	40. Blinken marks National Arab American Heritage Month "at a time of immense pain" in Gaza
	41. White House reiterates no US involvement in Damascus strike that Iran blamed on Israel
	42. Thousands of Israeli protesters call for Netanyahu's removal from office and the release of hostages
	43. Israeli president apologizes to World Central Kitchen founder
	44. Biden administration outraged by Israeli airstrike that killed aid workers, official says
	45. US has "longstanding commitment" to Israel's security, Blinken says as scrutiny over military sale grows
	46. Israel takes responsibility for killing aid workers in strike, prime minister's spokesperson says
	47. What the deadly strike on humanitarian workers could mean for aid delivery across Gaza
	48. Al-Shifa Hospital no longer able to function, WHO says
04-04-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-04-24
	0. All
04-05-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-05-24
	0. What we covered
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. UN chief "deeply troubled" by reports Israel using AI to identify targets in Gaza
	4. Widespread destruction in northern Gaza will pose obstacle for potential aid shipments, satellite images show
	5. Humanitarian workers in Gaza unnerved after Israeli strike on WCK, aid group founder says 
	6. US warns Iran not to use Damascus strike as “pretext to attack US personnel and facilities,” official says
	7. US reviewing Israel's report on airstrike that killed 7 aid workers. Here's what you should know
	8. Biden writes to leaders of Egypt and Qatar to ask them to secure commitments from Hamas, official says
	9. US is actively preparing for a significant regional attack by Iran that could come within the next week
	10. Norwegian foreign minister describes frustration within NATO that Israel is "going too far" in Gaza
	11. UN agency completes "highly complex mission" delivering medical aid to hospitals in northern Gaza
	12. Israel's findings on deadly strike of aid workers were shared with US after Biden-Netanyahu call Thursday
	13. White House: No plans for US to conduct independent or separate investigation into deaths of aid workers
	14. Palestinian ambassador to the UN accuses Israel of deliberately targeting aid convoy in Gaza
	15. US representative at UN urges protection for humanitarian workers after aid convoy attack in Gaza
	16. Hamas rejects recent Israeli proposal on hostages
	17. German foreign minister urges Israel to quickly open planned aid routes with "no more excuses"
	18. UN chief calls for change in Israeli strategy in Gaza and expresses alarm at use of AI in identifying targets
	19. Netanyahu shows no signs of losing his grip on power in Israel despite mounting pressures 
	20. Humanitarian organization warns of dire health crisis for pregnant women and mothers in Gaza
	21. Blinken: US is reviewing Israel report on deadly strike of aid workers "very carefully" after receiving it 
	22. Israeli hostage "most likely" killed by Israeli combat helicopter on October 7, Air Force investigation finds
	23. The IDF has published its report into the deadly strikes on aid workers. Here’s what we know
	24. Survivors of first WCK vehicle strike fled to the next convoy vehicle before being struck again, IDF says
	25. White House will "reserve judgment" on IDF report until it can go through findings, US official says
	26. IDF unit that carried out strike on WCK convoy mistook bag for weapon
	27. CIA director and Israel intelligence chiefs to head to Egypt for hostage talks, sources say
	28. Here's who the IDF dismissed and punished over the deadly World Central Kitchen aid strikes
	29. World Central Kitchen criticizes IDF for not following its own protocols
	30. A "serious violation" of commands and standard procedures: What IDF report says on aid strike
	31. Israeli forces kill Palestinian man in occupied West Bank refugee camp
	32. Israel fires two military personnel after concluding "mistaken identification" led to deadly strike on food aid workers
	33. Cost of damage in Gaza estimated to be $18.5 billion, says World Bank and UN report
	34. New crossings into Gaza offer "glimmer of hope," says Norwegian Refugee Council
	35. Analysis: Pressure mounts on UK government to halt arms sales to Israel 
	36. Blinken calls for independent investigation into killing of World Central Kitchen workers
	37. UN Human Rights Council to consider draft resolution to suspend all arms trade with Israel 
	38. MSF says WCK strike part of "deliberate pattern of attacks" on aid workers
	39. Aid is scheduled to start moving through Erez crossing in northern Gaza on Sunday
	40. IDF to release report into aid workers strike shortly
	41. UK has "no choice" but to suspend arms sales to Israel, says Conservative MP
	42. Funeral procession begins in Iran for victims of air strike on consulate in Syria
	43. Israel OKs three measures to increase aid into Gaza, Netanyahu's office says
	44. It's morning in the Middle East. Catch up on the latest
	45. US House speaker rips Biden over warning to Israel
	46. First lady privately expressed Gaza concerns to Biden, president tells meeting with Muslim leaders
	47. Netanyahu told Biden that deaths of World Central Kitchen workers were Israel's fault, US official says
	48. Biden avoided specifics on potential changes to US policy in call with Netanyahu, senior official says 
	49. "Everybody has failed" hostages, say parents of man believed held by Hamas
	50. A journalist's report alleged that Israel is using AI tools in its war in Gaza: "It’s completely dehumanizing"
	51. Israel's military halts leave for all combat units
	52. Gaza's municipality warns disease is spreading due to pile-up of waste and sewage
	53. Gaza aid efforts suffer setback as Israel's deadly attack on aid workers prompts withdrawal of agencies
04-06-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-06-24
	0. All
04-07-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-07-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Footage of Khan Younis after Israeli troop withdrawal shows rubble and razed buildings 
	4. "Significant progress" in Gaza ceasefire talks, Egyptian state media report, citing senior official source
	5. Israeli military says it's preparing to shift from defense to offense on the border with Lebanon
	6. Doctors operate on children from the floor of northern Gaza hospital, while others starve in "dire" conditions
	7. Negotiations over Gaza ceasefire and hostage deal continue in Cairo, Egyptian state media reports
	8. Israeli military says it's "far from stopping" operations in Gaza as troops withdraw from Khan Younis
	9. Israeli troops leaving Gaza will prepare for "follow-up missions," including in Rafah, defense minister says
	10. World Central Kitchen head criticizes Israeli inquiry into "unforgivable" strikes that killed aid workers
	11. Israeli troops withdraw from Khan Younis, 6 months into the conflict. Catch up on the latest
	12. Plans for aid to move through Erez crossing are delayed, Israeli official tells CNN 
	13. US says Israel's withdrawal from Khan Younis is likely so its troops can "rest and recover"
	14. The World Food Programme has enough food for 1.1 million people in Gaza, Cindy McCain tells CNN
	15. The Israeli military strikes Hezbollah military compound in southern Lebanon
	16. What is the Netzarim Corridor — where Israel will now station its troops?
	17. Israeli military withdrawal is a significant moment in the conflict
	18. Israel will join Cairo truce and hostage deal talks, an official tells CNN 
	19. Israel says it has withdrawn ground forces from Khan Younis in southern Gaza after months of fighting 
	20. UK backing for Israel "not unconditional," says British foreign secretary
	21. Gaza death toll rises to 33,175, says Ministry of Health
	22. 3 injured after Israeli man drives into crowd at anti-government protest in Tel Aviv
	23. Report: Israeli doctor says detained Palestinians are undergoing "routine" amputations for handcuff injuries
	24. Israel's military strikes Hezbollah targets after group shoots down Israeli drone over Lebanon
	25. The Gaza war takes heavy toll on elderly Palestinians like this grandmother
	26. Netanyahu responded quickly after Biden's threat
	27. UK deploys Navy to boost Gaza aid through new maritime corridor
	28. Israeli hostage might have been saved if a deal had happened earlier, his sister says
	29. Anti-government protesters in Israel call for Netanyahu's resignation and early elections
	30. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you need to know
	31. UN humanitarian chief calls war in Gaza "betrayal of humanity" as conflict nears 6-month mark
	32. Analysis: Israel has no exit strategy and no clear plan for the future after 6 months of war in Gaza
04-08-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-08-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. US military says destroyed air defense system and control station in Houthi-controlled Yemen
	4. UN committee to decide whether to grant Palestine full state member status this month
	5. UN chief calls for foreign media access into Gaza amid disinformation "war"
	6. VP Kamala Harris to meet families of US hostages taken by Hamas Tuesday
	7. Leaders of Jordan, France and Egypt make joint statement calling for immediate ceasefire in Gaza 
	8. Democrats are split on applying new conditions for aid to Israel
	9. Bodies of 46 Palestinians recovered after Israeli withdrawal from Khan Younis, Gaza hospital says
	10. "If it wasn’t for my neighbors, I wouldn’t have known it's my house," child in devastated Khan Younis says
	11. Netanyahu sets a date for Rafah invasion as Israel withdraws from Khan Younis. Catch up on the latest
	12. Iranian attack on Israel would likely be carried out by proxy forces in the region, US intel believes
	13. Longest-serving Palestinian prisoner dies in Israeli custody after 38 years
	14. Monday marked largest single-day aid truck deliveries to Gaza since October 7, Israel's military says
	15. US State Department: More than 300 aid trucks entered Gaza yesterday, the highest number since war started
	16. CIA director presented new proposal for Gaza ceasefire and hostage deal during Cairo meeting, source says
	17. Netanyahu says date for Rafah invasion is set 
	18. After meeting with Blinken in DC, Israeli opposition leader says hostage deal is "doable" despite difficulties
	19. White House says uptick of aid into Gaza is "progress" but must be sustained
	20. Lawyer for Nicaragua stresses "urgent" need for Germany to suspend arms sales to Israel during ICJ hearing 
	21. Progress reported in Gaza ceasefire talks as Israel withdraws from Khan Younis. Catch up on the latest  
	22. Khan Younis residents return to find their former neighborhoods in ruins 
	23. Case accusing Germany of “facilitating genocide” in Gaza gets underway at UN's top court
	24. Israeli military says Hezbollah commander killed in overnight strike 
	25. Australia's prime minister says Israel's findings for aid worker deaths were not "satisfactory"
	26. Netanyahu can't remain prime minister if he abandons Rafah ground offensive plans, says far-right minister 
	27. Australia appoints advisor on Israel's investigation into killing of aid workers 
	28. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you need to know
	29. "Significant progress" in Gaza ceasefire talks, Egyptian state media report, citing senior official source
	30. Footage of Khan Younis after Israeli troop withdrawal shows rubble and razed buildings 
	31. Israeli military says it's preparing to shift from defense to offense on the border with Lebanon
	32. Doctors operate on children from the floor of northern Gaza hospital, while others starve in "dire" conditions
	33. Israeli military says it's "far from stopping" operations in Gaza after troops withdraw from Khan Younis
	34. Israeli troops leaving Gaza will prepare for "follow-up missions" including in Rafah, defense minister says
	35. World Central Kitchen head criticizes Israeli inquiry into "unforgivable" strikes that killed aid workers
	36. The World Food Programme says it has enough food for 1.1 million people in Gaza 
	37. What is the Netzarim Corridor — where Israel will now station its troops?
	38. Israeli doctor says detained Palestinians are undergoing "routine" amputations for handcuff injuries, report says
04-09-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-09-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. US conducts humanitarian aid airdrop into Northern Gaza, CENTCOM says
	4. “Far too many civilians have died," US senator says about CNN investigation
	5. Israeli airstrike kills 14 people ahead of Eid, Al-Aqsa Martyrs Hospital spokesperson says
	6. Biden calls Netanyahu’s approach to war against Hamas "a mistake”
	7. Families of American hostages held by Hamas describe meeting with Harris as productive
	8. Health workers exhume nearly 400 bodies from Al-Shifa Hospital after IDF withdrawal. Here's the latest
	9. Egyptian leader reaffirms commitment to resolve Gaza conflict in call with Palestinian Authority leader
	10. Biden administration believes Netanyahu's claim of invasion date for Rafah is a bluster, senior officials say
	11. Tuesday saw the highest number of aid trucks to enter Gaza since October 7, Israel says
	12. "Israel has not done enough" to avert famine in Gaza, top US official for humanitarian aid tells Senate
	13. Israeli defense minister did not indicate date set for Rafah offensive in call with Austin, sources say
	14. US is pressing Qatar for quick answer from Hamas on hostage proposal, national security adviser says
	15. "The smell of the dead is all over the place": First bodies exhumed from mass graves at Al-Shifa Hospital
	16. Israel still has not told US date of Rafah operation, Blinken says
	17. Ireland's new prime minister accuses Israel of starving and slaughtering Gazans in first speech 
	18. Secretary of Defense Austin: US doesn't have evidence Israel is committing genocide in its war in Gaza
	19. Humanitarian pier in Gaza will probably be ready by April 21, US secretary of defense says 
	20. Top US Democrat on key panel says he wants some "assurances" before approving F-15 fighter jet sale to Israel 
	21. Netanyahu is running war in Gaza on basis of "personal interest," former Israeli prime minister says 
	22. Families of American-Israeli hostages press for hostage deal in meeting with US national security adviser
	23. Dying for a bag of flour: Videos and eyewitness accounts reveal how an aid delivery in Gaza turned deadly 
	24. Netanyahu says "no force in the world" will stop Israeli operation in Rafah 
	25. Israeli military kills mayor of central Gaza refugee camp, calling him Hamas military operative
	26. Vice President Harris will meet families of US hostages taken by Hamas today
	27. WHO chief: Several UN agencies assisting in providing "dignified burials" for bodies at Al-Shifa hospital
	28. Israel's military says maritime "Dome" air defense system was used for the first time to bring down drone
	29. France floats threat of EU sanctions to pressure Israel into allowing more aid into Gaza 
	30. Israel accuses Turkey of violating trade agreement over export ban
	31. Human rights group accuses Israel of imposing starvation on children in Gaza, report says
	32. Turkey restricts exports to Israel after its request to airdrop aid to Gaza is denied
	33. Germany "firmly rejects" Nicaragua's accusation that it is facilitating genocide in Gaza
	34. Nearly 400 bodies have been recovered from around the Al-Shifa hospital, Gaza's Civil Defense says 
	35. Tens of thousands of people seek shelter in southern Lebanon as clashes on Israel border rages on
	36. US defense secretary and Israeli defense minister discuss IDF withdrawal from parts of Gaza
	37. Hamas says Israel’s latest proposal does not meet their demands
	38. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you need to know
	39. Date for Rafah ground offensive is set, Netanyahu says 
	40. UN committee to decide whether to grant Palestine full state member status this month
	41. UN chief calls for foreign media access into Gaza amid disinformation "war"
	42. Leaders of Jordan, France and Egypt call for immediate ceasefire in Gaza 
	43. Bodies of 46 Palestinians recovered after Israeli withdrawal from Khan Younis, Gaza hospital says
	44. Iranian attack on Israel would likely be carried out by proxy forces in the region, US intel says
	45. Gaza sees largest single-day aid truck delivery since October 7 
04-10-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-10-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Hamas political leader says killing of sons will only make group "more steadfast"
	4. Lufthansa suspends flights to and from Tehran, Reuters report says
	5. Blinken reiterates US commitment to stand with Israel against Iranian threats
	6. House Democrats are becoming more critical of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
	7. Another aid worker was seriously injured minutes before Israeli strikes on WCK convoy, organization says
	8. No reports of Hamas targeting Palestinians assisting aid organizations, US humanitarian aid official says
	9. US has so far air-dropped 852 tons of humanitarian aid into Gaza, military says
	10. Israel official says strike on Hamas leader's children was not related to ceasefire or hostage negotiations
	11. Israel continues strikes in Gaza as Hamas raises fears about status of hostages. Catch up on key developments
	12. Biden touts "ironclad" commitment to Israel's security amid threats from Iran
	13. Israel says it killed 3 sons of Hamas political leader in an airstrike in Gaza
	14. Senator: CNN investigation underscores US need for "full transparency and accountability" on Gaza aid delivery
	15. Biden says he's been "very blunt" with Netanyahu about need for more aid into Gaza
	16. Israel plans to "flood Gaza with aid," defense minister says
	17. Israeli military refuses to provide details on Nuseirat strike
	18. British foreign minister says Biden is right to press Netanyahu for a halt in fighting in Gaza
	19. In photos: Muslims pray on Eid al-Fitr across Gaza
	20. Palestinian aid worker in southern Gaza says Israel’s bombardment has ruined Eid celebrations
	21. Hamas tells negotiators it doesn't have 40 Israeli hostages needed for first round of ceasefire
	22. Israel jams GPS in major cities amid fears of Iranian attack
	23. Israel's military continues ground operations in Gaza, carries out "dozens" of airstrikes
	24. "Will we survive? Will we starve?": Starving Palestinian struggles to feed her 7 brothers in northern Gaza
	25. Israel's aid agency again blasts the UN for “colossal failures” in getting help into Gaza
	26. Head of UN's peacekeeping force in Lebanon says there is no military solution to Middle East conflict
	27. Iran's supreme leader says Israel “must be punished” for consulate attack
	28. It's morning in Gaza. Here's what you need to know
	29. Israeli airstrike kills 14 people ahead of Eid, hospital spokesperson says
	30. Biden calls Netanyahu’s approach to war against Hamas "a mistake”
	31. Biden administration believes Netanyahu's claim of invasion date for Rafah is a bluster, senior officials say
	32. Egyptian leader reaffirms commitment to resolve Gaza conflict in call with Palestinian Authority leader
	33. Families of American hostages held by Hamas describe meeting with Harris as productive
	34. Tuesday saw the highest number of aid trucks to enter Gaza since October 7, Israel says
04-11-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-11-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. UN committee fails to reach consensus on full Palestinian membership, Security Council president says 
	4. The US and Middle East brace for a possible Iran attack that could escalate the conflict. Here's the latest
	5. Anera charity resumes work in Gaza after pausing when Israeli strike killed 7 World Central Kitchen staff
	6. Iran says its imperative to punish Israel could have been avoided had UN Security Council condemned attack
	7. UK foreign secretary warns Iran not to draw Middle East into wider conflict
	8. US and Israeli defense leaders discuss fears of Iranian attack
	9. State Department restricts personnel travel in Israel amid concerns over Iranian threats
	10. Hamas says ceasefire with Israel is essential to collect data on hostages held in Gaza by different groups
	11. Families of dead American hostages in Gaza plea for their bodies to be returned
	12. Top US general for the Middle East is in Israel amid concerns about a possible Iranian attack
	13. Top US diplomat spoke with Turkish, Chinese, Saudi counterparts about Iran, State Department says
	14. Israel says aid deliveries to Gaza are ramping up — but the UN warns the reality is not as simple
	15. USAID chief says famine is happening in parts of Gaza as aid workers come under fire. Here's what to know
	16. A minority of Israelis think the government will survive to the end of its term, poll finds
	17. Israel slams new Irish prime minister for not mentioning hostages in first speech as leader 
	18. Bodies of killed British World Central Kitchen workers repatriated
	19. Israel and Indonesia holding talks to normalize ties,  Israeli officials say
	20. USAID administrator says it is "credible" to assess famine is already occurring in parts of Gaza
	21. Israel is preparing for scenarios in locations other than Gaza, Netanyahu warns 
	22. Israel's military says it will construct a new land crossing between Israel and northern Gaza
	23. UNICEF worker whose convoy came under fire says the incident shows "how dangerous" it is operating in Gaza 
	24. Hamas says 4 grandchildren of its political leader Ismail Haniyeh were killed in Israeli strike
	25. Israel plans to "flood Gaza with aid," defense minister says
	26. UNICEF says its vehicle was hit by gunfire while waiting to enter northern Gaza
	27. Iran's foreign minister speaks with counterparts in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, UAE and Turkey
	28. It's morning in the Middle East. Catch up on key developments
	29. Hamas political leader says killing of sons will only make group "more steadfast"
	30. Lufthansa suspends flights to and from Tehran, Reuters reports
	31. Blinken reiterates US commitment to stand with Israel against Iranian threats
	32. Israeli official says strike on Hamas leader's children was not related to ceasefire negotiations
	33. Biden touts "ironclad" commitment to Israel's security amid Iran threats 
	34. Israel says it killed 3 sons of Hamas political leader
	35. Hamas tells negotiators it doesn't have 40 Israeli hostages needed for proposed ceasefire deal
04-12-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-12-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. USAID worker killed in Israel, agency says
	4. US expects Iran to carry out direct strikes against targets inside Israel, sources say
	5. US sees Iran moving military assets including drones and cruise missiles, sources say
	6. Israeli settlers storm village in West Bank and kill at least 1 Palestinian. Here's what you should know
	7. US will attempt to intercept launches at Israel if feasible, US officials say
	8. Israeli settlers kill at least 1 Palestinian while storming West Bank village
	9. Israel says airstrikes targeted Hezbollah targets in southern Lebanon
	10. Biden expects an attack from Iran will happen "sooner than later"
	11. Israel intercepts rockets fired from Lebanon
	12. US sanctions leaders of Hamas' cyber and drone operations based in Gaza and Lebanon
	13. Several journalists among those wounded in Israeli attack on refugee camp in central Gaza
	14. Israeli defense minister and top US general discuss potential Iranian attack 
	15. Pentagon moving additional assets to Middle East region in face of Iran threat, according to US official
	16. EU countries sanction Hamas wings over October 7 sexual and gender-based violence
	17. Top UN humanitarian official says IDF doesn't understand how aid operations work
	18. Israel's ex-military intelligence chief says Gaza risks falling into chaos  
	19. White House watching Iranian threat "very, very closely" and is in communication with Israel
	20. Valuable medical equipment at Al-Shifa hospital destroyed in Israeli attack, doctor says
	21. Israeli forces kill two Hamas members in occupied West Bank
	22. Israeli strike in Gaza City kills at least 29 people, mostly from one family
	23. Netanyahu will meet war cabinet to discuss "Israel's readiness" for potential retaliatory attack from Iran
	24. Aid convoy enters northern Gaza through new crossing for first time
	25. WHO surgeon recounts finding makeshift graves at Al-Shifa Hospital after Israeli siege 
	26. France advises citizens against travel to Iran, Lebanon, Israel and occupied Palestinian territories
	27. Indonesia has no plans to establish diplomatic relations with Israel, state media reports
	28. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's the latest
	29. UN committee fails to reach consensus on full Palestinian membership
	30. Iran says its imperative to punish Israel could have been avoided had UN Security Council condemned attack
	31. US and Israeli defense officials discuss possible Iranian attack
	32. Hamas says ceasefire essential to collect data on hostages held in Gaza
	33. Israeli military says it is constructing a new land crossing to northern Gaza
	34. Israel is preparing for "scenarios" in locations other than Gaza, Netanyahu warns 
	35. Top US humanitarian official says "credible" to assess famine already in parts of Gaza
04-13-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-13-24
	0. What we covered
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Iran’s attack on Israel has moved here.
	3. Iran warns its response will be "stronger and more resolute" if Israel retaliates following latest strikes
	4. China expresses 'deep concern', calls for ceasefire
	5. US forces intercepted 70+ drones and at least three ballistic missiles, US officials say
	6. Biden to meet with G7 leaders Sunday as he condemns Iran's "brazen attack" 
	7. United Airlines cancels three Middle East flights
	8. Biden told Netanyahu US will not participate in offensive operations against Iran, US official says
	9. Biden tells Netanyahu tonight was a win, nothing of "value" hit in Israel, US official says 
	10. Bolton: 'Passivity at this point for Israel would be a big mistake'
	11. Israeli military says more than 55 rockets fired from Lebanon to Israel over past hour
	12. Iran's attack on Israel lasted about five hours, US officials say
	13. No reports of injuries directly through Iranian strikes, according to Israel’s emergency service
	14. Sirens sound in Golan Heights after 25 projectiles fired from Lebanon, Israeli military says 
	15. Canada "unequivocally condemns" Iran's attack on Israel, PM Trudeau says
	16. Biden spoke by phone with Netanyahu
	17. US defense secretary asks Israeli counterpart to notify US ahead of any potential response to Iranian attack
	18. Israeli security cabinet authorizes war cabinet to decide response to Iran attack, official says
	19. Israeli Home Command cancels request for residents to stay near shelters
	20. FBI has not observed credible threats to US in wake of Iran's attack on Israel, source says 
	21. Meeting between Biden and national security team has resumed
	22. Biden expected to speak with Netanyahu, according to US officials
	23. Kuwait Airways reroutes flights
	24. Saudi Arabia calls for "restraint" amid Iranian strikes on Israel
	25. Amman residents report seeing "flashes" in the sky over Jordanian capital
	26. Spain and Portugal call for de-escalation
	27. Iran's Revolutionary Guards warn US any act against Iran will see "reciprocal" response
	28. Israel has "intercepted a vast majority" of Iran's strikes, IDF spokesperson says 
	29. UN secretary-general condemns Iran's attack on Israel
	30. US forces do not appear to have been targeted in Iran’s attack, officials say 
	31. Analysis: An unprecedented Iranian attack targeting Israel thrusts the region into uncharted waters
	32. Latin American countries react to Iran’s attack on Israel
	33. Iran's Foreign Ministry says attack on Israel "self-defense" after Damascus strike
	34. Germany's foreign minister says Iran's attack puts entire region at risk of plunging "into chaos"
	35. Biden meeting with national security team in Situation Room concluded, but could reconvene later
	36. 7-year-old girl severely injured by interceptor shrapnel in Iranian attack on Israel
	37. US continues "to shoot down Iranian-launched drones targeting Israel," defense official says
	38. Explosions in sky reported in multiple parts of Israel and the West Bank
	39. These are the various air defense systems that Israel can use to intercept missiles and drones  
	40. Israeli air defenses intercept some Iranian strikes
	41. US House will consider legislation supporting Israel next week
	42. IDF says aerial defenses fully operational and reiterates shelter instructions
	43. Iran's mission to UN says attack on Israel in response to Damascus consulate strike has concluded 
	44. US embassy in Jordan warns citizens of "continued need for caution"
	45. Egypt calls for restraint as Iran launches drones toward Israel
	46. UK helping backfill US in region but not actively intercepting Iranian drones
	47. US air defenses intercept some Iranian drones targeting Israel, US officials say
	48. IDF instructs people in northern Israel to remain close to safe spaces
	49. Hezbollah says it launched dozens of rockets at IDF air defense headquarters
	50. UK and France condemn Iran's attack on Israel
	51. Israeli Home Command issues new restrictions on public gatherings 
	52. US has significant military presence in region and has said it will defend Israel
	53. Israeli military is tracking approach of more than 100 drones, official says 
	54. Top Republican on Senate Armed Services committee says commitment to Israel "unwavering"
	55. Iran launches drones toward Israel, officials say. Here's what we know
	56. Iranian state news reports first wave of ballistic missiles fired toward Israel
	57. Iran says it will target any country that opens its airspace for an Israeli attack against Iran
	58. Biden meeting with national security team now underway in Situation Room
	59. Israeli military plans to intercept drones before they reach Israeli skies, says military official
	60. Lebanon temporarily closes airspace 
	61. Israeli officials signaling for citizens to keep calm as schools closed and gatherings limited
	62. Israeli war cabinet meeting convening
	63. Israel estimates more than 100 drones launched by Iran, Israeli military official says
	64. Israeli foreign minister calls for unity
	65. Israel airspace to close, transportation ministry says 
	66. Iraq temporarily closes airspace 
	67. Iran launches cruise missiles in addition to drones, Israeli media says
	68. Public shelters open in Haifa 
	69. Iranian state media says retaliatory strikes launched at Israel
	70. US assets are in the region that could help in defense against Iran attacks
	71. Iran's attack is "likely to unfold over a number of hours," US security official says
	72. Biden will meet with national security leaders in the Situation Room, White House says
	73. Iran launches dozens of drones against Israel, Israeli official says
	74. "Whoever harms us, we will harm them," says Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu
	75. US official confirms Iran has launched drones toward Israel
	76. Iran launched drones toward Israel, IDF spokesperson says
	77. US will attempt to intercept launches at Israel if feasible, US officials say
	78. Jordan temporarily closes airspace
	79. Israeli defense minister says country is ready to take any measures in case of Iran attack
	80. US secretary of state and defense secretary will be at Biden's national security team meeting, officials say
	81. US national security adviser speaks with Israeli counterpart as potential Iran strike looms
	82. Israel's military suspends educational activities and limits gatherings amid fears of an Iranian attack
	83. US identifies USAID worker killed in Jaffa, Israel
	84. White House condemns Iran's seizure of Portuguese-flagged cargo ship
	85. US defense secretary speaks with Israeli defense minister to discuss "urgent regional threats"
	86. Biden will return to the White House Saturday to discuss situation in the Middle East
	87. Countries advise against travel to Iran, Lebanon, Israel and Palestinian territories as flights suspended
	88. Israeli defense minister calls on public not to take law into own hands after Israeli teen's death
	89. European foreign ministers warn against escalation between Iran and Israel
	90. Israeli prime minister calls death of 14-year-old Israeli boy an "abominable murder"
	91. Hundreds of Israeli settlers mobilize across Palestinian villages in the West Bank, eyewitnesses say
	92. Israel on "high alert" for Iranian aggression, military says
	93. Portuguese government in contact with Iranian authorities over MSC Aries
	94. CNN team witnesses settler attack on Palestinian village in the West Bank
	95. 14-year-old Israeli boy who went missing in West Bank found dead, Israeli military says
	96. Iranian navy seizes container ship reportedly linked to Israel, state media report
	97. Further airstrikes fired at Hezbollah targets in southern Lebanon, Israeli military says 
	98. US expects Iran to carry out direct attack on Israel, sources say, as Biden warns ‘Don’t’
	99. Israeli settlers storm village in West Bank and kill at least 1 Palestinian. Here's what you should know
	100. US sees Iran moving military assets including drones and cruise missiles, sources say
	101. US will attempt to intercept launches at Israel if feasible, US officials say
	102. Israeli settlers kill at least 1 Palestinian while storming West Bank village
	103. Israeli defense minister and top US general discuss potential Iranian attack 
	104. Several journalists among those wounded in Israeli attack on refugee camp in central Gaza
	105. US sanctions leaders of Hamas' cyber and drone operations based in Gaza and Lebanon
04-14-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-14-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Iran’s attack on Israel has moved here.
	3. India calls on Iran to release 17 Indian crew members on board seized container ship 
	4. Japanese prime minister condemns Iran's attack on Israel
	5. Blinken calls British and German counterparts following Iran's attack on Israel
	6. US forces destroyed more than 80 attack drones from Iran and Yemen, Central Command says
	7. Israeli and Iranian ambassadors trade accusations during UN Security Council session
	8. Israeli war cabinet says it's ready to respond to Iran's attack but delays immediate action. Here's the latest
	9. Blinken calls Turkish, Egyptian, Jordanian and  Saudi counterparts following Iran's attack 
	10. Iran will be held responsible if any action is taken against the US or Israel, deputy ambassador warns
	11. US Homeland Security doesn't find any "specific or credible threats" following Iran's attack on Israel
	12. Palestinian girl shot in mother's arms as they attempted to return to home in northern Gaza
	13. "No significant damage within Israel itself," senior US military official says
	14. "Now is the time for maximum restraint," UN Secretary-General says
	15. Israel is not seeking war after Iran's attack, President Herzog says
	16. Jordan summons the Iranian ambassador and warns against airspace violations
	17. Israel's defense minister speaks to US counterpart about Iran's attack
	18. Egypt's foreign minister speaks to top officials in Israel, Iran and the US
	19. Biden held call today with Congressional leaders about situation in the Middle East
	20. "It's the right thing to do." Israel's president says more humanitarian aid flowing into Gaza
	21. Israeli military official says approximately 350 rockets fired by Iran
	22. "We thought it was a joke." Here's some reaction on the ground to the Iranian missile attack
	23. Iran privately messaged the US that its retaliation was concluded, senior administration official says
	24. US ships destroy missiles headed for Israel, a senior official says
	25. There were tense moments in the White House Situation Room as Iran launched strikes, US official says
	26. Israel's war cabinet meeting ends without a decision on Iran attack response, an official says
	27. US Congressional leaders are at odds over next steps on providing more funds for Israel
	28. G7 leaders condemn "in the strongest terms" Iran's attack against Israel
	29. World Food Programme bakery reopens in northern Gaza, Israeli agency says 
	30. A Turkish source says Iran informed Turkey in advance of the attack and the country then informed the US
	31. Lebanese Hezbollah praises Iran's attack on Israel
	32. Israel's military calls in more reserve brigades for "operational activities" in Gaza
	33. Jordan's king tells Biden that ending Gaza war would prevent conflict from spreading across region
	34. German minister says Iran attack has brought the Middle East to "edge of abyss." Here's other reactions
	35. Photo shows some of White House attendees at G7 meeting to discuss response to Iran's attack
	36. Israel war cabinet meets to weigh response to Iran's attack. Catch up on the latest 
	37. Israel extends cancellation of school through Monday after Iran attack
	38. House Intel Committee head urges White House to respond to escalating conflict in wake of Iran attack
	39. Iran has attacked Israel. Here's why, and what might come next 
	40. Biden meets with G7 leaders to discuss a diplomatic response to Iran attack
	41. House should pass bipartisan national security aid package with funding for Israel, Schumer says 
	42. Johnson says House will try to approve additional aid for Israel this week
	43. Analysis: Iran's attack appeared planned to minimize casualties while maximizing impact 
	44. NATO condemns Iran's attack on Israel and calls for restraint
	45. Iran attack shows US should stand unconditionally with Israel, Sen. Fetterman says
	46. Israel "will exact a price from Iran," war cabinet minister Benny Gantz vows
	47. Pope calls for dialogue and "no more attacks" in the Middle East
	48. Sound of drones must serve as "wake-up call to the free world," Ukraine's President Zelensky says 
	49. 2 hardline Israeli ministers urge firm response to Iran attack 
	50. Israel war cabinet is meeting now
	51. Iran foreign minister says neighboring countries were informed 72 hours before attack on Israel
	52. White House underscores Israel's "military superiority" as it seeks to contain risk of wider war
	53. Italy calls G7 meeting following Iran's attack against Israel
	54. Analysis: What happens next rests on if Israel will listen to the United States and not escalate
	55. Any new "aggression" against Iran will be met with "heavier and regrettable response," Iranian president says 
	56. France helped monitor and detect Iranian drones heading to Israel, French military source says
	57. UK jets shot down "a number of Iranian attack drones" aimed at Israel, British prime minister says
	58. Israel will respond to Iran's attack, but the scope has yet to be determined, Israeli official says 
	59. IDF says it struck Hezbollah weapons manufacturing site in Lebanon
	60. Hamas rejects proposal from Cairo ceasefire talks, diplomatic source says
	61. Iranian airports suspend flights until Monday morning
	62. Iran says attack targeted Israeli base used to conduct strike on Iranian consulate in Damascus
	63. Iran continues its threats after launching an unprecedented attack on Israel last night. Here's what you need to know.
	64. Confrontation with Iran "not over yet," says Israeli defense minister
	65. Israel strikes building in Lebanon's Baalbek region, reports say
	66. Analysis: How Israel and allied defenses intercepted more than 300 Iranian missiles and drones
	67. Tehran warns it will respond directly if Israel attacks Iranian interests or assets
	68. Iraq reopens its airspace to all flights
	69. Israel's finance minister urges government to "learn lessons" and "move on to Rafah"
	70. Iran's army says operation has "concluded," warns US and Israel against future attacks
	71. Calls for restraint from world leaders following Iran's attack
	72. Israel’s military said it worked closely with US, UK and France during Iran’s attack
	73. Blinken says US to consult with allies "in the hours and days ahead"
	74. Israel's military says 99% of weapons fired by Iran intercepted
	75. "We have intercepted, we have contained," says Netanyahu
	76. Iran warns its response will be "stronger and more resolute" if Israel retaliates following latest strikes
	77. Biden to meet with G7 leaders Sunday as he condemns Iran's "brazen attack"
	78. US forces intercepted 70+ drones and at least three ballistic missiles, US officials say
	79. Defense experts weigh in on what steps Israel could take next
	80. Iran's attack on Israel lasted about five hours, officials say. Here's what we know
	81. Biden told Netanyahu US will not participate in offensive operations against Iran, US official says
	82. Biden tells Netanyahu tonight was a win, nothing of "value" hit in Israel, US official says 
	83. No reports of injuries directly through Iranian strikes, according to Israel’s emergency service
	84. Israeli military says more than 55 rockets fired from Lebanon to Israel over past hour
	85. Iran's attack on Israel lasted about five hours, US officials say
	86. "Whoever harms us, we will harm them," says Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu
	87. US has significant military presence in region and has said it will defend Israel
	88. Iran launches retaliatory strikes toward Israel
04-15-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-15-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Israel delays Rafah offensive as it weighs response to Iranian attack. Catch up here
	4. 2 Palestinian farmers killed after confrontation with Israeli settlers near West Bank city of Nablus
	5. China notes Iran's position on Israel attack and does not condemn strikes
	6. 15 more bodies recovered from around Gaza's Al-Shifa Hospital as exhumation process continues
	7. Hamas lowers number of hostages it's willing to release as part of a ceasefire deal, Israeli source says
	8. Israeli prime minister says international community must "stand united in resisting this Iranian aggression"
	9. Golden Gate Bridge reopens after protestors against the war in Gaza block traffic  
	10. US military assets remain in Middle East as Israel debates response to Iran attack, Pentagon says 
	11. Iran will not show restraint if "enemy aggression" crosses red lines, military adviser says 
	12. White House says Biden will not accept a standalone funding bill for aid to Israel
	13. Iran strike "will be met with a response," Israel’s army chief tells soldiers 
	14. Analysis: Oil prices could shoot skyward if Iran-Israel conflict escalates further
	15. Eyewitnesses recount airstrike that destroyed a residential block in Gaza's Al-Maghazi refugee camp
	16. US official declines to say if Biden urged Netanyahu to exercise restraint after Iran strike
	17. Analysis: Israel faces a dilemma in its response to Iran’s attack
	18. G7 leaders weigh new sanctions on Iran following weekend attack
	19. US did not get notice from Iran on specifics of strikes against Israel, State Department official says
	20. Biden says US "committed" to security of Israel and other regional partners
	21. Israeli soldiers wounded by explosion in Lebanese territory took place on western border
	22. Germany, France and Belgium summon Iranian ambassadors over Israel attack
	23. Israeli war cabinet reviewed military plans for response against Iran, but unclear if there was a decision
	24. UK prime minister will speak with Netanyahu to urge de-escalation of tensions in the Middle East
	25. Blinken: US is "coordinating a diplomatic response to seek to prevent escalation" after Iran strike on Israel
	26. Israel's war cabinet meeting on Iran attack response has ended
	27. Israeli gunfire kills 1 and critically wounds another in West Bank, Palestinian health ministry says
	28. Israel is delaying its ground operation in Rafah, sources tell CNN 
	29. Biden focused on preventing Iran attack from spiraling into wider regional conflict, White House official says
	30. Palestinian girl shot in mother's arms as they attempted to return to home in northern Gaza
	31. Israel's war cabinet is still debating how to respond to Iran attack, officials say
	32. Jordan's foreign minister says Netanyahu is using confrontation with Iran to take attention away from Gaza
	33. Second delivery of aid has entered northern Gaza through new crossing point, Israel's aid agency says
	34. Israeli war cabinet will meet today to weigh response to Iran's attack
	35. German leader warns Iran against further escalation in the Middle East 
	36. Israeli soldiers wounded by explosion near northern border
	37. African countries urge restraint after Iran's attack on Israel
	38. Iran reiterates that attack on Israel was a "legitimate" response
	39. China's response to Iran's attack on Israel highlights its regional role
	40. Jordan calls on all parties to de-escalate after Iran's attack on Israel
	41. Zelensky says Iran's attack on Israel proves modern air defense systems save lives
	42. Israeli authorities release 150 Gaza detainees including ambulance crews, Palestinian officials say
	43. Israeli military warns Gaza residents that the north is a "dangerous combat zone"
	44. Dutch diplomatic missions in Iran and northern Iraq to remain closed
	45. More global leaders urge restraint after Iran's attack on Israel. Here are the latest reactions
	46. How Iran's attack on Israel is impacting financial markets
	47. Flight operations resume at Iranian airports
	48. Malaysia and Indonesia urge restraint to prevent escalation in the Middle East
	49. India calls on Iran to release 17 Indian crew members on board seized container ship 
	50. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you need to know
	51. Israeli and Iranian ambassadors trade accusations during UN Security Council session
	52. "No significant damage within Israel," senior US military official says
	53. Israel's war cabinet meeting ends without a decision on Iran attack response, an official says
	54. US Homeland Security doesn't find any "specific or credible threats" following Iran's attack on Israel
	55. Palestinian girl shot in mother's arms as they attempted to return to home in northern Gaza
	56. Israel is not seeking war after Iran's attack, President Herzog says
04-16-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-16-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Prime minister denies strikes on Israel launched from Iraqi territory
	4. US conducts another airdrop of food into northern Gaza, CENTCOM says
	5. US sanctions are planned for Iran after its attack on Israel. Here's what you should know 
	6. US to impose new sanctions on Iran in the coming days, national security adviser says 
	7. Analysis: Netanyahu is betting Israeli blood on Iran’s read of his rift with America
	8. Israel's sense of reason has been replaced by revenge, new Irish prime minister says
	9. IDF says its airstrikes in Lebanon killed 3 Hezbollah fighters
	10. At least 13 people killed,  including 7 children, after strike on central Gaza's Al-Maghazi refugee camp
	11. UN commission accuses Israel of obstructing its probe into October 7 attacks
	12. US will go back to Israel with evidence from report on Palestinian child's death, State Department says 
	13. US continuing to review findings of Israeli probe into World Central Kitchen strike, State Department says 
	14. US will restrict Iranian foreign minister's movements while in New York, source says 
	15. Iran "seems to be business as usual" after closing nuclear facilities on Sunday, IAEA chief says
	16. US treasury secretary warns US will strengthen Iran sanctions
	17. US urges restraint as Israel plans response to Iranian missile attack. Here's what you need to know
	18. US Navy has spent $1 billion on munitions to thwart attacks in Middle East, US Navy Secretary says
	19. Putin and Iranian president discuss “aggravated situation” in the Middle East
	20. Israel finishes war cabinet meeting to discuss response to Iranian strikes 
	21. IDF says it killed Hezbollah commander in southern Lebanon 
	22. Palestinian food blogger cooks meals from aid parcels, bringing joy to children in Gaza
	23. Egyptian foreign minister spoke with Israeli and Iranian officials on maintaining peace in the region
	24. Israeli attacks in Gaza have killed at least 33,843 Palestinians, health officials say
	25. More than 10,000 women killed in Gaza since war began, UN says
	26. Germany's foreign minister is flying to Israel in bid to de-escalate tensions
	27. US expects "limited scope" Israeli response against Iran, sources say
	28. Israeli military chief thanks UK for "joint defensive effort" against Iranian attack
	29. Budget airline suspends services to Tel Aviv until late October
	30. Israel’s war cabinet is holding its fifth meeting on response to Iranian attack
	31. Iran’s president warns of a severe and painful response if its "interests" are targeted
	32. Israeli artist at Venice Biennale says she won’t open exhibit until hostage and ceasefire deal reached
	33. Analysis: Israel faces dilemma in response to Iran’s attack
	34. US Defense Secretary and Israeli counterpart discuss aftermath of Iran attack
	35. It's morning in the Middle East. Catch up here
	36. Hamas slashes number of hostages it is willing to release in ceasefire deal, Israeli source says
	37. China notes Iran's position on Israel attack and does not condemn strikes
	38. 15 more bodies recovered from around Gaza's Al-Shifa Hospital as exhumation process continues
	39. Biden focused on preventing Iran attack from spiraling into wider regional conflict
	40. Israel is delaying its ground operation in Rafah, sources tell CNN
	41. Israeli war cabinet reviewed military plans for response against Iran
	42. Israeli prime minister says international community must "stand united in resisting this Iranian aggression"
04-17-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-17-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Death toll from strike on central Gaza's Al-Maghazi refugee camp rises to 14, hospital officials say
	4. Qatar will conduct a "comprehensive evaluation" of its mediation role in sensitive negotiations
	5. It's past midnight in Gaza. Here's what you should know
	6. First aid shipment to Gaza through Ashdod Port enters the Gaza Strip
	7. Israeli military says it killed and arrested militants during operation in northern Gaza
	8. Nearly 14,000 children killed in Gaza since war began, according to UNICEF
	9. German airline says it will avoid Iranian airspace following weekend attacks on Israel
	10. French president calls for widening sanctions against Iran
	11. Hardline Israeli minister calls for "disproportionate" response to Iranian attack that will "rock Tehran"
	12. Israeli fighter jets target southern Lebanon after Hezbollah strikes
	13. As Israel weighs its response to Iran, foreign leaders want restraint. Here's what to know
	14. Israel accuses UN commission of antisemitic statements after UN says Israel is obstructing October 7 probe
	15. At least 18 injured by Hezbollah attacks in northern Israel, health official says
	16. US Navy ship on way to Gaza forced to turn back due to engine room fire, spokesperson says
	17. Israel again accuses UN of "excuses" on aid for Gaza — but UN says deliveries facing major checkpoint delays
	18. Germany's foreign minister stresses "prudence and restraint" in the region as she leaves Israel 
	19. Netanyahu says Israel will make its "own decisions" on responding to Iran
	20. 74% of Israelis oppose retaliatory strike against Iran if it undermines security alliances, poll finds 
	21. Hezbollah claims attack on military headquarters in northern Israel as Israel strikes back
	22. People in northern Gaza say 2-day Israeli operation led to arrests and destruction
	23. Netanyahu meets German and UK foreign ministers
	24. 6 injured after projectile hits village in northern Israel, emergency services say 
	25. Iran’s president warns Israel any attack will be dealt with “fiercely” and “severely”
	26. UN human rights chief urges international community to act on guaranteeing aid to Gaza
	27. UK foreign secretary urges G7 to coordinate sanctions against Iran
	28. Israeli airstrikes kill at least 16 across Gaza, Civil Defense Directorate says
	29. Former prime minister urges Israel not to take military action against Iran
	30. British and German foreign ministers meet Israeli president in wake of Iran attack
	31. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you should know 
	32. Prime minister denies strikes on Israel launched from Iraqi territory
	33. US to impose new sanctions on Iran in the coming days, national security adviser says
	34. Israel's sense of reason has been replaced by revenge, new Irish prime minister says
	35. IDF says its airstrikes in Lebanon killed 3 Hezbollah fighters
	36. At least 13 people killed, including 7 children, after strike on Gaza's Al-Maghazi refugee camp
	37. Analysis: Can Netanyahu avoid triggering a regional war?
04-18-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-18-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of the attack on Iran has moved here.
	3. Attack was a calculated message to Iran, retired US Army general says 
	4. Blast heard near Isfahan was caused by air defense firing at "suspicious object," Iranian official says
	5. The Middle East is on edge after a strike on Iran. Here's what we know 
	6. Iran lifts flight suspensions put in place following reports of explosions
	7. Iranian state media reports no major disruption to Isfahan's infrastructure
	8. Flight en route to Tehran returns to Dubai
	9. US Secretary of Defense spoke with Israeli Defense Minister earlier Thursday before Israel attacked Iran
	10. Iran's air defense downs 3 drones, official says, as state media reports no large-scale strikes
	11. Australia urges its citizens to leave Israel after strikes on Iran 
	12. Israeli military says they have "no comment" following reports of explosions in Iran
	13. "The gloves have come off:" Experts warn an escalating tit-for-tat could have dire consequences 
	14. US had advance warning of Israel's retaliation against Iran but "didn't endorse" it, US official says
	15. Why Israel's strike on Iran threatens to push the Middle East deeper into conflict
	16. Nuclear facilities are safe in Isfahan province, Iranian state-aligned media says
	17. Israel carries out strike in Iran, a US official says
	18. Oil prices surge, Dow futures sink nearly 500 points on reports of explosions in Iran
	19. Multiple explosions heard near military base in Isfahan province, semi-official news agency says
	20. Outgoing flights from several Iranian airports canceled, Iranian state TV reports
	21. Iran's air defense systems have been activated in several provinces, state news reports
	22. Iran says flights to Tehran, Isfahan and Shiraz are suspended
	23. Explosion heard near Iran's Isfahan Airport, Iranian news agencies report
	24. At least 8 flights have been diverted over Iranian airspace
	25. S&P downgrades Israel's sovereign rating on "heightened geopolitical risk"
	26. Iranian foreign minister: If Israel takes action, Iran's response will be "immediate and at a maximum level"
	27. Hamas condemns US veto of Palestinian membership bid at the UN
	28. UAE and Iranian foreign ministers discuss stability in the Middle East during key diplomatic call
	29. Palestinian presidency condemns US veto on UN membership bid as "unfair, immoral and unjustified"
	30. US vetoes Palestinian application at the UN for statehood recognition
	31. Biden's national security adviser convenes meeting with Israeli counterparts on Rafah
	32. CIA director expresses "deep disappointment" in Hamas rejection of ceasefire deal
	33. Iran warns of decisive response to Israeli military actions at UN Security Council meeting
	34. Israeli military confirms Tuesday's strike on Al-Maghazi refugee camp that killed 8 children 
	35. Palestinian girl conceived from IVF is killed in strike on Al-Maghazi refugee camp in central Gaza
	36. Israeli attacks in Gaza have killed at least 71 Palestinians since Wednesday. Catch up on the latest
	37. Why Qatar is unlikely to pull out of the Gaza hostage-ceasefire talks 
	38. Nearly $8 million of alleged "terrorist funds" seized in Gaza is handed to Israel's central bank, says defense ministry
	39. Palestinians anxiously await potential Israeli offensive in Rafah, UN envoy inside Gaza tells CNN
	40. UK sanctions Iranian military bodies after Israel attack
	41. At least 10 members of the same family killed by strike on Rafah, in southern Gaza. Here's what you need to know. 
	42. Israeli settler attacks on Palestinians in the West Bank at their highest level since 2006, rights group says
	43. Rights group says Israeli military has ignored or taken part in attacks on Palestinians in occupied West Bank 
	44. Israel says 342 aid trucks entered Gaza on Wednesday
	45. Israeli attacks in Gaza have killed at least 33,970 Palestinians, health officials say
	46. "They were children sleeping." Ten family members killed in airstrike on Rafah, hospital officials say
	47. Extensive destruction to refugee camp in central Gaza after reported withdrawal of Israeli forces
	48. "Insidious campaign" underway to end UNRWA operations, chief tells UN Security Council
	49. Israeli airstrike kills 8 people from 1 family in Rafah, hospital officials say
	50. Erez crossing used to get food into Gaza for first time, World Food Programme says
	51. Middle East "on edge of regional war," EU foreign policy chief warns
	52. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you should know
	53. Death toll from strike on central Gaza's Al-Maghazi refugee camp rises to 14, hospital officials say
	54. Qatar will conduct "comprehensive evaluation" of its mediation role in ceasefire negotiations
	55. Nearly 14,000 children killed in Gaza since war began, UNICEF says
	56. Israeli military says it killed militants in northern Gaza raid
	57. First aid shipment to Gaza through Ashdod Port enters Gaza
	58. Hardline Israeli minister calls for "disproportionate" response to Iranian attack that will "rock Tehran"
04-19-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-19-24
04-20-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-20-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Death toll rises to 14 in Israeli raid on refugee camp in the West Bank, Palestinian health ministry says
	4. Palestinian official condemns vote by US House of Representatives for aid package to Israel
	5. Palestinian Ministry of Health condemns the killing and detention of ambulance workers in West Bank
	6. Israel's foreign ministry will summon ambassadors over vote in favor of Palestinian membership to the UN
	7. Ambulance driver killed by Israeli settlers as he tried to transport injured Palestinians, aid group says
	8. Israeli military and Hezbollah trade strikes
	9. Netanyahu thanks US House of Representatives for passing aid package to Israel
	10. US House passes Israel aid bill
	11. Palestinian Authority president criticizes US veto of UN membership bid
	12. Israeli military says it has killed 10 "terrorists" in operation at refugee camp in West Bank 
	13. Turkish and Egyptian foreign ministers discussed "gravity" of situation in Gaza 
	14. Gaza death toll rises to 34,049, Ministry of Health says
	15. Five people killed, many arrested in Israeli military operation in West Bank, Palestinian news agency reports
	16. Catch up on the latest developments as tensions simmer in the Middle East
	17. Iranian president makes no mention of Israeli strike while lauding its previous weekend attack
	18. 3 wounded in Iraq explosions, official says. Israel denies involvement
	19. US defense secretary speaks with Israeli counterpart again following strikes in Iran
	20. Analysis: Iran and Israel have averted an all-out war – for now
	21. Exclusive: No extensive damage seen at Isfahan air base in satellite images 
	22. See how violence has spread through the Middle East
	23. EU sanctioned "extremist settlers" in occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem
	24. Treasury department imposes sanctions on two groups for fundraising for Israeli extremists in West Bank
04-21-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-21-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Israeli troops kill 14 during two-day raid in the occupied West Bank, health ministry says. Here's the latest
	4. Israeli war cabinet met Sunday to discuss hostage situation in Gaza, official says 
	5. Israeli military concludes deadly raid on refugee camp in the occupied West Bank 
	6. Hamas condemns new US military aid to Israel as a "green light" for Gaza "aggression"
	7. Erdogan discusses need for ceasefire in meeting with Hamas leader in Turkey
	8. Israeli attacks in Gaza have killed 34,097 Palestinians, health officials say
	9. Israeli military strikes four locations in Lebanon overnight, Lebanese state-run news agency reports
	10. West Bank prepares for labor strike in protest of Palestinian deaths: official media
	11. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you need to know
	12. Palestinian Ministry of Health condemns the killing and detention of ambulance workers in West Bank
	13. Israel's foreign ministry will summon ambassadors over vote in favor of Palestinian membership to the UN
	14. Palestinian official condemns vote by US House of Representatives for aid package to Israel
	15. Death toll rises to 14 in Israeli raid on refugee camp in the West Bank, Palestinian health ministry says
	16. Gaza death toll rises to 34,049, Ministry of Health says
	17. Palestinian Authority president criticizes US veto of UN membership bid
04-22-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-22-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. It's midnight in Gaza. Catch up on the latest
	4. About 35 rockets launched from Lebanon into northern Israel, IDF says
	5. State Department's annual human rights report cites allegations of "war crimes" in Gaza conflict 
	6. "Everybody's terrified": Palestinians in Rafah fear bloody ground offensive, says relief group worker
	7. Hospital workers forced to re-use orthopedic devices from dead patients, says relief group CEO
	8. EU to expand sanctions on Iran's drone program, top diplomat says
	9. UNRWA neutrality must be strengthened, independent review finds
	10. Aid missions to hospitals in northern Gaza hampered by checkpoint delays, WHO says
	11. Jordan calls for pressure on Israel to prevent a ground invasion in Rafah
	12. It's mid-afternoon in the Middle East. Here's what you need to know
	13. Nearly 300 bodies found in mass grave in Nasser hospital, says Gaza Civil Defense
	14. Netanyahu critical of reported US plans to sanction IDF unit
	15. Two arrested in Jerusalem ramming attack
	16. European foreign leaders call for sanctions against Iran and West Bank Israeli settlers
	17. Suspect detained in connection with killing of 14-year-old Israeli boy in West Bank
	18. Israeli military's intelligence chief resigns over October 7 Hamas attacks
	19. Jerusalem car-ramming attack wounds three people, Israeli police say
	20. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you need to know
	21. Nearly 1,001 tons of aid airdropped in Gaza since March 2, US military says
	22. Soldiers killed two Palestinians in West Bank, Israeli military says 
	23. Blinken spoke with Israeli defense minister about security and hostage negotiations
	24. Israeli military concludes deadly raid on refugee camp in occupied West Bank
	25. Israeli military strikes four locations in Lebanon, state news agency reports
	26. Netanyahu says Israel will soon land "additional and painful blows" on Hamas
04-23-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-23-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. US Senate passes $95 billion package that includes aid for Israel and other countries after months of delay
	4. The death toll in Gaza continues to rise. Here's what you should know
	5. "200 days of war, it feels like 200 years." Palestinian children mourn lost dreams
	6. 2 people killed in Israeli airstrike in southern Lebanon, state media says
	7. "They erased our memories": Palestinians on 200 days of Israel's war on Hamas
	8. Construction on temporary pier for Gaza will begin very soon, Pentagon says
	9. Hamas military spokesperson urges continued attacks on Israel in first video message in almost 2 months
	10. Jordan conducts aid airdrop into Gaza
	11. "There will be nothing left" of Israel if Iran is attacked again, says Iranian president
	12. IDF warns people to leave "dangerous combat zone" in parts of northern Gaza
	13. Qatar rules out shutting Hamas office "as long as mediation channels continue"
	14. IDF says suspicious aerial targets intercepted off Israel's north coast
	15. Hundreds of thousands of tons of waste across Gaza remain uncollected, says UNRWA
	16. UN agency claims Israel is impeding aid missions to northern Gaza
	17. "Destruction like an earthquake." Palestinians return after Israeli forces withdraw from Nuseirat
	18. Israeli air strike destroys top three floors of building in Gaza City, in northern Gaza
	19. Israeli military kills two Hezbollah operatives in southern Lebanon
	20. Dozens more bodies found in mass grave at hospital in Khan Younis, in southern Gaza
	21. Death toll in Gaza rises to 34,183 after 200 days of conflict, Health Ministry says
	22. Kibbutz hit hard in October 7 attack urges Israeli government to "do everything" for hostages
	23. Israeli military strikes 25 targets across Gaza  
	24. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you need to know
	25. US State Department's annual human rights report cites allegations of "war crimes" in Gaza conflict 
	26. Hospital workers forced to re-use orthopedic devices from dead patients, says relief group CEO
	27. UNRWA neutrality must be strengthened, independent review finds
	28. Aid missions to northern Gaza hospitals hampered by checkpoint delays, WHO says
	29. "Everybody's terrified": Palestinians in Rafah fear bloody ground offensive
	30. Nearly 300 bodies found in mass grave at Gaza hospital, says Civil Defense
	31. EU to expand sanctions on Iran's drone program
04-24-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-24-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage for the day has ended. Follow the latest Israel-Hamas war news or read through the updates below.
	3. Coalition vessel stops Houthi missile "likely targeting" US flagged ship, CENTCOM says
	4. Catch up on the latest developments in the Israel-Hamas war
	5. Second gentleman Doug Emhoff will attend Thursday service for 7 World Central Kitchen aid workers
	6. Biden meets with 4-year-old hostage released by Hamas
	7. Legalizing Israeli settlements in West Bank would be "dangerous and reckless," US State Department says
	8. US received video of Israeli-American hostage being held by Hamas earlier this week
	9. Israel says it's killed half of Hezbollah’s commanders since October 7, group dismisses claim as “ridiculous”
	10. Hersh Goldberg-Polin criticizes Israeli government, in Hamas video almost certainly captured under duress
	11. Israeli-American hostage Hersh Goldberg-Polin appears in Hamas video, the first proof he survived October 7 injuries
	12. US college protests "antisemitic" and "inciting terrorism," says Israel's defense minister
	13. US aid heading to Israel as mass grave uncovered in Gaza. Catch up here
	14. 20 more bodies recovered from Khan Younis hospital mass grave, Gaza officials say, bringing total to 344
	15. Crowds gather in Tel Aviv, marking 200 days of hostages being held in Gaza 
	16. Palestinian woman shot dead in Hebron after she allegedly tried to stab an Israeli soldier
	17. UN calls for investigation into mass graves at two Gaza hospitals raided by Israel 
	18. Germany to resume cooperation with UNRWA following independent review
	19. Israeli politicians thank US for aid package
	20. 51 more bodies recovered from mass grave at hospital in Khan Younis, Gaza officials say
	21. Israeli president thanks US Senate for passing aid bill
	22. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you should know
	23. Here’s what’s in the US foreign aid package for Israel
	24. US Senate passes $95 billion package that includes aid for Israel
	25. Hamas military spokesperson vows continued attacks on Israel
	26. Israeli military warns people to leave "dangerous combat zone" in parts of northern Gaza
	27. Construction on temporary pier for Gaza will begin very soon, Pentagon says
	28. Israel impeding aid missions to northern Gaza, UN agency says 
	29. "200 days of war, it feels like 200 years": Palestinian children mourn lost dreams
04-25-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-25-24
04-26-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-26-24
04-27-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-27-24
04-28-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-28-24
04-29-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-29-24
04-30-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-04-30-24
05-01-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-01-24
05-02-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-02-24
05-03-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-03-24
05-04-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-04-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. The reality of life for displaced children in Rafah 
	3. Bad weather has delayed the US military's construction of a pier for aid deliveries to Gaza
	4. US and Israeli officials say finalizing any ceasefire deal could take days
	5. What we know about the number of hostages still held in Gaza
	6. Haunted by their colleagues’ deaths: The journalists risking their lives to report on Gaza
	7. Hamas delegation arrives in Egypt for ceasefire and hostage deal talks
	8. Gaza death toll reaches 34,654, Ministry of Health says
	9. At least 9 killed in Gaza as Israeli airstrikes target residential buildings, Gaza authorities say
05-05-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-05-24
05-06-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-06-24
05-07-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-07-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. At least 27 people have been killed in Rafah since Monday. Here's what you should know
	4. Rafah hospital director says closure will severely impact health care in the area
	5. IDF says nearly 20 rockets fired from Rafah Tuesday
	6. Analysis: Hamas has proposed a ceasefire deal. Here’s why it won’t bring an immediate end to the war
	7. US has completed humanitarian pier construction off Gaza shore
	8. Hamas official says proposed deal includes Israeli withdrawal from Gaza
	9. US State Department walks back "prelude" comment on Israeli operation in Rafah
	10. Satellite imagery shows a fire in eastern Rafah and border movements
	11. Israel's seizure of Rafah crossing looks like "prelude of a major military operation," says US State Department spokesperson 
	12. US State Department calls for Israel to arrest those responsible for attack on Jordanian aid convoy   
	13. Israel has "committed to reopen" Kerem Shalom crossing Wednesday, US State Department says
	14. At least 27 killed in Rafah as Israeli military operation continues
	15. Ceasefire talks: Hamas says it will release corpses as well as living hostages in first phase of truce
	16. White House voices optimism about hostage talks, says “critical” Israel reopen crossings for aid deliveries
	17. Operations in Gaza will continue until Hamas eliminated or first hostage returned, says Gallant
	18. Operation in Rafah will expand as necessary, returning hostages “highest priority,” says Gantz
	19. Majority of Jewish Israelis say hostage deal a higher priority than Rafah invasion, poll finds
	20. Netanyahu says Rafah operation aims to return hostages and eliminate Hamas
	21. Rafah's last operational hospital calls for medical backup as injured patients stream in
	22. International pressure mounts on Israel to hold off a full-scale invasion of Rafah
	23. Biden calls for Holocaust remembrance as he condemns spread of antisemitism
	24. Downplaying of October 7 attack "must stop," Biden says
	25. Biden says there's no place for antisemitism in America 
	26. Biden connects Holocaust to October 7 attack in address on antisemitism
	27. Biden opens speech honoring memory of Holocaust victims
	28. Biden to speak soon on antisemitism from the US Capitol
	29. Spanish students set up a pro-Palestinian protest encampment in Madrid
	30. "Death is more dignified than this": Gazans describe forced evacuations from eastern Rafah
	31. UN chief calls on Israel and Hamas to reach deal and "stop the bloodshed"
	32. CIA director returns to Cairo for more talks 
	33. Hamas accuses Israel of a "humanitarian catastrophe" and "collective punishment" in Rafah
	34. Biden to call for a fight against antisemitism at a precarious moment in Israel’s war in Gaza
	35. Six children among 23 killed in Israeli airstrikes, hospitals in Rafah say
	36. Egypt condemns Israel's "dangerous escalation" over its Rafah crossing operation
	37. Hamas accepted a deal but Israel says it's 'far from' meeting its demands. Here's where talks stand 
	38. "No safe zones in Gaza": EU’s top diplomat adds voice to criticism against Netanyahu
	39. Israel has captured the Palestinian side of the Rafah crossing. Here's what that could mean
	40. Israeli military operation at Rafah crossing will disrupt aid to Gaza, UN agency warns
	41. Limited Israeli operation in Rafah aims to keep pressure on Hamas to agree a deal, source says
	42. Israeli military says it has captured Palestinian side of Rafah crossing
	43. There's "nowhere safe to go" in Gaza, aid worker says
	44. Israeli airstrikes kill 15 in Rafah, hospital officials say
	45. Rafah crossing closed after Israeli troops capture Palestinian side, official says
	46. "I am leaving for the unknown": Palestinians fleeing Rafah describe their fear and despair
	47. It's morning in Gaza. Here's what you need to know
	48. Biden discusses Gaza and hostages in White House meeting with Jordan's king
	49. Israeli airstrikes kill multiple people in Rafah, Palestinian officials say
	50. Israeli ground invasion of Rafah would be "intolerable," UN chief says
	51. Israel says Rafah operations will go ahead as Hamas deal remains "far" from meeting its demands
	52. Apparent gunfire heard from Egyptian side of Rafah crossing, state media reports
	53. Multiple explosions reported in Rafah area of southern Gaza
	54. Ceasefire talks will resume on Tuesday in Egypt, Qatar says
	55. Israeli forces will take over Palestinian side of Rafah crossing in next few hours, sources say
	56. UN human rights chief calls Israel's demand for a Rafah evacuation inhumane
05-08-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-08-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Clashes break out between police and families of Gaza hostages in Tel Aviv 
	4. Norwegian Refugee Council said none of its trucks crossed Kerem Shalom Wednesday, organization says
	5. Biden says he will stop sending bombs and artillery shells to Israel if it launches major invasion of Rafah
	6. IDF denies burying Palestinians in third mass grave uncovered inside Al-Shifa hospital complex
	7. 3 mortar rounds land near intended offload site for Gaza pier, US defense official says
	8. UN sounds alarm as no trucks with humanitarian aid have been able to enter Gaza. Here's the latest 
	9. Republican congressional leaders blast Biden's decision to pause transfer of weapons to Israel
	10. Israeli airstrikes kill 4 people in western Rafah neighborhood, hospital says
	11. CIA director is back in Cairo after meetings in Israel
	12. Israeli airstrike in Gaza City kills at least 8,  according to witnesses and doctor
	13. Israel's operations in Rafah expand from airstrikes to ground operations, satellite images show
	14. UN says no goods entered Gaza Wednesday through key crossings as it voices alarm over humanitarian situation
	15. US State Department will not deliver report today on whether Israel violated international law
	16. US Senate Democrats defend Biden's decision to pause bombs shipment to Israel
	17. Largest hospital in eastern Rafah relocated to makeshift facility, doctor says 
	18. Israeli officials privately expressed frustration to US officials over pause in munitions shipment, source says
	19. Officials provide conflicting claims about activity at Kerem Shalom crossing into Gaza
	20. White House maintains optimism on Israel-Hamas deal
	21. US defense secretary confirms pause of bomb shipment to Israel
	22. WHO chief warns hospitals in southern Gaza only have 3 days of fuel left
	23. Another mass grave uncovered inside Al-Shifa Hospital complex, Gaza health ministry says 
	24. Netanyahu discusses state of negotiations with CIA director, Israeli official says
	25. Rafah hospital says 4-month-old among 35 dead brought to facility over last day
	26. International criticism of Rafah operation as "roughly 50,000" depart southern city: Here's what you need to know 
	27. Foreign leaders condemn Israel's military action in eastern Rafah  
	28. Six people killed in Rafah and Khan Younis overnight, local hospitals say
	29. "Roughly 50,000 people" departed Rafah in the last 48 hours, UNRWA staffer tells CNN
	30. World Central Kitchen says evacuation order forced operations to "pause" at several community kitchens
	31. MSF says it has begun discharging patients from field hospital in Rafah ahead of possible evacuation
	32. Kerem Shalom crossing reopens for entry of aid, Israel says
	33. Macklemore criticizes Biden in new song supporting pro-Palestinian student protests
	34. Rafah and Kerem Shalom crossings remain closed Wednesday morning
	35. US paused shipment of bombs to Israel amid concerns over potential use in Rafah, official says
	36. A high-stakes report looms over Biden on whether Israel violated international law
	37. It's morning in Gaza. Here's what you need to know
	38. Rafah hospital director says closure will severely impact health care
	39. IDF says nearly 20 rockets fired from Rafah Tuesday
	40. US completes humanitarian pier construction off Gaza shore
	41. Hamas official says proposed deal includes Israeli withdrawal from Gaza
	42. Rafah's last operational hospital calls for medical backup as injured patients stream in
05-09-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-09-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Biden "does not want certain categories of American weapons" used by Israel in Rafah, White House says 
	4. UNRWA commissioner-general accuses Israeli residents of setting UN headquarters in East Jerusalem on fire
	5. Netanyahu says Biden made a mistake in delaying weapons shipment
	6. Ceasefire-for-hostage talks come to a pause. Here's what you should know
	7. The US faces obstacles getting aid delivered to Gaza after finishing pier construction
	8. Hamas’ demand that Israel agree upfront to a 12-week ceasefire emerged as a major obstacle in negotiations
	9. Satellite imagery shows significant increase in Palestinians fleeing Rafah's tent camp cities since May 7
	10. Humanitarian aid worker injured by shrapnel in Rafah, organization says 
	11. Israel has the weapons it needs in Gaza even without US supplies, IDF spokesperson says
	12. Netanyahu makes implicit criticisms of Biden after US warning on weapon supplies
	13. Israel operation in Rafah forces "pause" in ceasefire talks, US officials say
	14. World Food Programme says no aid has entered Gaza through southern crossings for two days
	15. Israeli military says several hits in northern Israel, after launches from southern Lebanon
	16. US will begin delivering aid for Gaza pier in eastern Mediterranean on Thursday
	17. Israeli officials to meet in wake of Biden threat to halt some US military aid   
	18. Gallant says Israel "cannot be subdued" in efforts to "hit Hamas"
	19. CIA director returns to US, after talks in Egypt and Israel
	20. Dead wrapped in body bags after night of non-stop Israeli artillery shelling in eastern Rafah
	21. Israeli leaders clash after Biden's move to halt some shipments of arms
	22. Kerem Shalom crossing closed for fourth consecutive day, Gaza crossing authority says
	23. Halting weapons shipments to Israel may "significantly impair military objectives": Israel's UN ambassador
	24. UN estimates nearly 79,000 people have fled Rafah since Monday
	25. "Rafah is hanging on the edge of a precipice," says UNICEF official in Gaza
	26. Biden says US won't send weapons to Israel if it invades Rafah. Here's the latest 
	27. Clashes break out between police and families of Gaza hostages in Tel Aviv 
	28. Norwegian Refugee Council said none of its trucks crossed Kerem Shalom Wednesday, organization says
	29. Biden says he will stop sending bombs and artillery shells to Israel if it launches major invasion of Rafah
	30. Israeli military denies burying Palestinians in third mass grave uncovered at Al-Shifa Hospital
	31. Israeli airstrikes kill 4 people in western Rafah neighborhood, hospital says
	32. 3 mortar rounds land near intended offload site for Gaza pier, US defense official says
	33. Republican congressional leaders blast Biden's decision to pause transfer of weapons to Israel
	34. UN says no goods entered Gaza Wednesday through key crossings
05-10-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-10-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage for the day has ended. Follow the latest Israel-Hamas war news or read through the updates below.
	3. There's been no aid to Gaza from the southern crossings in 3 days, World Food Programme says 
	4. US report investigates whether Israel violated international law in Gaza. Here's what to know
	5. Hostage families expressed "immense frustration" over pause in talks during meeting with top US officials
	6. US says it is "reasonable to assess" Israel used American weapons in Gaza inconsistent with international law
	7. Hamas says Israel sent hostage release talks back to "square one" after rejecting mediators' latest proposal
	8. Biden faces bipartisan blowback over Israel ultimatum
	9. UN human rights chief denounces any actions that jeopardize entry of humanitarian aid into Gaza
	10. "We are heading into the unknown": Food vendors in Rafah unsure where to go next 
	11. White House reaching out to Israel about CNN report on alleged systematic abuse at Israeli prison
	12. White House says no indication of "large-scale invasion" of Rafah but administration is watching closely
	13. South Africa asks International Criminal Court for urgent additional measures in Israel genocide case
	14. Palestinian foreign ministry welcomes resolution on United Nations membership
	15. Israeli security cabinet approves expansion of Rafah operation, official says
	16. Palestinian Authority president applauds UNGA’s vote for Palestinian statehood
	17. Israel foreign minister condemns UNGA passing resolution calling for UN membership for Palestinian Authority 
	18. Palestinian UN ambassador gives emotional address at UNGA session
	19. UNGA passes resolution calling on Security Council to reconsider Palestinian UN membership
	20. "Destroyed from top to bottom": Gazans fleeing Rafah arrive in Khan Younis, an area already ravaged by war 
	21. Rafah ground offensive would lead to an "epic humanitarian disaster," UN chief says
	22. Situation in Gaza has reached "even more unprecedented levels of emergency," UN warns
	23. Kuwaiti hospital in Rafah receives 9 bodies in last 24 hours
	24. UNRWA estimates around 110,000 people have fled Rafah since Monday
	25. Israeli strikes kill 12 in Gaza overnight
	26. Israeli whistleblowers reveal abuse in detention center for Palestinian prisoners 
	27. Analysis: Eurovision braces for tense contest as protesters and artists bristle at Israel’s presence
	28. It's morning in Gaza. Here's what you need to know
	29. UNRWA to close East Jerusalem headquarters after arson attack by "Israeli extremists"
	30. Biden "does not want certain categories of American weapons" used by Israel in Rafah, White House says 
	31. Netanyahu says Biden made a mistake in delaying weapons shipment
	32. Hamas’ demand that Israel agree to a 12-week ceasefire is a major obstacle in negotiations
	33. Satellite imagery shows significant increase in Palestinians fleeing Rafah's tent camp cities since May 7
	34. Humanitarian aid worker wounded by shrapnel in Rafah, organization says 
	35. Israel has the weapons it needs in Gaza even without US supplies, military spokesperson says
	36. The US faces obstacles getting aid delivered to Gaza after finishing pier construction
05-11-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-11-24
	0. What we're covering
	1. All
	2. UN agencies to run out of food 'by tomorrow' in southern Gaza
	3. MSF transfers last patients from Rafah hospital, "can no longer guarantee their safety"
	4. Hundreds of thousands have fled Rafah ahead of anticipated Israeli offensive. Catch up on the headlines
	5. Evacuation orders to "unsafe zones" for civilians in Rafah are "unacceptable," EU Council president says
	6. Biden says there would be a "ceasefire tomorrow" if Hamas would release remaining hostages
	7. Father in northern Gaza describes dangerous conditions as families evacuate: "There is no safe place"
	8. Families of dead hostages call for their remains to be returned to Israel for burials and closure
	9. Israeli military conducts airstrikes in northern Gaza
	10. Anti-government protests ahead of Israel's Memorial Day demand the release of hostages
	11. An estimated 10,000 bodies trapped under rubble in Gaza, according to Palestinian Civil Defense
	12. Egypt will not coordinate with Israel on entry of aid from Rafah crossing, citing security concerns 
	13. 15 people killed in 2 separate strikes in Rafah on Saturday, hospital officials say
	14. "There is nowhere to go": Journalists describe moving from Rafah as IDF widens evacuation area
	15. Hamas' military wing claims a Gaza hostage died a month ago after Israeli airstrike
	16. Israeli military intensifies action in central Gaza as people flee from Rafah. Here's what to know
	17. At least 300,000 people have now left Rafah, Israeli military says
	18. 143 journalists killed in Gaza since October 7, according to strip's media office
	19. IDF says it is intensifying action in central Gaza as well as operating in eastern Rafah
	20. Death toll in Gaza rises to 34,971 as Health Ministry reports 28 killed over past 24 hours
	21. Israeli whistleblowers detail abuse of Palestinians in shadowy detention center
	22. Israel condemns General Assembly resolution calling for UN membership for Palestinian Authority 
	23. At least 47 Palestinians killed in Israeli airstrikes in northern and central Gaza, according to hospitals 
	24. IDF calls for immediate evacuation of areas in northern Gaza due to "dangerous combat zone"
	25. No aid to Gaza from southern crossings in three days, WFP says 
	26. Israeli military orders immediate evacuation of more neighborhoods in eastern Rafah
	27. White House reaching out to Israel about CNN report on alleged systematic abuse at Israeli prison
	28. US report investigates whether Israel violated international law in Gaza. Here's what to know
05-12-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-12-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of the Israel-Hamas war has moved here.
	3. Israeli military battles Hamas across Gaza as death toll passes 35,000 in the enclave. Here's the latest 
	4. IDF chief of staff says he bears responsibility for failing to protect civilians on October 7 
	5. Top US and Israeli national security advisers spoke about potential Rafah operation, White House says  
	6. Israeli military says it has opened a new humanitarian aid crossing into Gaza 
	7. US officials continue to warn against invasion of Rafah — even as Israel presses ahead
	8. Exodus from Rafah continues, but some say they are too exhausted and sick to move
	9. Israeli forces continue operations in north and central Gaza, as well as Rafah
	10. Israeli military says senior officer injured in Gaza
	11. Death toll in Gaza since October 7 surpasses 35,000, health ministry says
	12. UK opposes Rafah offensive but won't halt arms sales, foreign secretary says
	13. Israeli forces battle in northern Gaza in effort to prevent Hamas regrouping
	14. Father of three in northern Gaza: "Death is more honorable than this humiliation"
	15. Families of dead hostages: "They deserve to be granted a dignified burial, and we deserve closure"
	16. About 300,000 people have fled Rafah over past week as "inhumane displacement" continues, UNRWA says
	17. An estimated 10,000 bodies trapped under rubble in Gaza, according to Palestinian Civil Defense
	18. Biden says there would be a "ceasefire tomorrow" if Hamas would release remaining hostages
	19. UN agencies likely to have run out of food aid in southern Gaza, humanitarian affairs chief says
	20. At least 300,000 have fled Rafah ahead of anticipated Israeli offensive. Here's what to know
05-13-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-13-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Catch up on Israeli military strategy and other developments in the Israel-Hamas war
	4. US assesses Israel has amassed enough troops to launch full-scale incursion into Rafah, officials say
	5. US Army intel officer resigns over US Gaza war policy and support for Israel
	6. More than 1,000 Hamas members are under treatment in Turkey, president says 
	7. Germany is against a "broad attack" against Rafah, chancellor says
	8. UN says total number of fatalities in Gaza remains unchanged after controversy over revised data
	9. Jake Sullivan: US is urging Israel to connect their military operations to a political end game in Gaza 
	10. US believes a Rafah operation would be a mistake and is “urgently” working toward a ceasefire, says Jake Sullivan
	11. Senior State official: US and Israel are “struggling over what the theory of victory is” for Israel in Gaza 
	12. Israeli activists ransack aid trucks bound for Gaza
	13. US State Department aware of reports of American medical workers trapped in Gaza
	14. "We are being killed in silence." Palestinian father caring for two-month-old baby tells CNN "there is no safe place" in Gaza
	15. UN staff members killed and injured after agency vehicle targeted in Rafah
	16. Israel’s return to areas of Gaza it said were clear of Hamas raises doubts about its military strategy
	17. Israel investigations agency welcomes court decision to reject delaying probe into intel failures
	18. Egypt’s top diplomat tells Blinken Israel's military operations in Rafah carry "grave security risks”
	19. Gaza's Health Ministry says 57 people were killed in the past 24 hours 
	20. In photos: Palestinians line up for aid, as Israeli attacks aggravate dire conditions
	21. Palestinians forced to flee northern Gaza, as Israeli forces ramp up assault. Here's what you need to know.
	22. Rare protests on Memorial Day expose divisions in Israeli society
	23. Gallant tells Blinken of "precise operation" in Rafah, after US repeats warnings against Israeli assault 
	24. Netanyahu frames war on Memorial Day as a choice between Israel and "monsters" of Hamas
	25. Egypt says it will support South Africa's case against Israel at top UN court
	26. People try to escape Jabalya in northern Gaza as Israel battles Hamas
	27. About 360,000 people have fled Rafah, UN says
	28. Young Gazans with severe leg injuries find care in US, but face uncertain future
	29. “Devastating” long-term destruction to agricultural land in Gaza, expert says
	30. It's morning in Gaza. Here's the latest
	31. Top US officials reaffirm opposition to major Rafah operation in calls with Israeli counterparts
	32. IDF chief of staff says he bears responsibility for failing to protect civilians on October 7
	33. New humanitarian aid crossing into Gaza opens, Israeli military says 
	34. US officials warn against Rafah invasion — even as Israel presses ahead
	35. Some Palestinians say they are too exhausted and sick to join Rafah exodus
05-14-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-14-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage for the day has ended. Follow the latest Israel-Hamas war news or read through the updates below.
	3. 450,000 people who fled Rafah lack shelter, water and latrines, UN says 
	4. Biden administration begins lengthy process to approve $1 billion arms deal for Israel
	5. Biden warns he would veto GOP-led Israel aid bill if it passes
	6. Hostage's parents express frustration at the stalled negotiations between Israel and Hamas
	7. Catch up on the latest from Israel's war in Gaza
	8. A deadly heat wave fueled by climate change worsened Gaza’s humanitarian crisis, new data shows
	9. Young Gazans with amputated and injured legs find care in the US, but face an uncertain future
	10. World Food Programme will distribute Gaza aid from temporary pier, Pentagon says
	11. UN launches investigation into attack that killed staff member in Rafah
	12. Israel and Egypt blame each other for Rafah crossing closure and Gaza’s humanitarian crisis
	13. Humanitarian officials urge for de-escalation in Rafah, reopening of border crossings
	14. Right-wing Israelis rally for settlements in Gaza
	15. IDF says it struck UN school in Gaza that it claims was being used by Hamas
	16. "We were targeted while we were asleep." Families search for loved ones in the rubble after central Gaza strikes
	17. Israeli strikes overnight kill dozens of Palestinians in central Gaza. Here's what you need to know.
	18. Israeli airstrikes overnight kill 36 Palestinians in central Gaza, leaving families trapped under rubble
	19. "They left us no place to stay": Palestinians fleeing Rafah return to a destroyed Khan Younis 
	20. Human rights group accuses Israel of attacking known locations of aid workers
	21. Israeli attacks in Rafah set back ceasefire negotiations, says Qatari prime minister 
	22. Israeli military says UN vehicle struck in Gaza was in an active combat zone
	23. 450,000 people left Rafah over past week, UN estimates
	24. Israeli attacks kill 82 people over past 24 hours, Gaza's Health Ministry says
	25. Israeli attacks on refugee camp in central Gaza kill at least 13
	26. Wounded Palestinian mothers grieve for babies killed in Gaza
	27. It's morning in Gaza. Here's what you need to know
	28. US assesses Israel has amassed enough troops to launch full-scale incursion into Rafah, officials say
	29. More than 1,000 Hamas members are being medically treated in Turkey, president says 
	30. Israeli activists ransack aid trucks bound for Gaza
	31. UN says death toll in Gaza remains unchanged after controversy over revised data
	32. Israel’s return to areas of Gaza it said were clear of Hamas raises doubts about its military strategy
05-15-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-15-24
05-16-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-16-24
05-17-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-17-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage for the day has ended. Follow the latest Israel-Hamas war news or read through the updates below.
	3. Israel recovers bodies of 3 hostages. Here's what you should know
	4. The wife of a doctor describes her husband's "survivor's guilt" after deciding to leave Gaza
	5. IDF says it killed "significant wanted" militant in West Bank
	6. Family of hostage Shani Louk says recovery of her body gives them closure
	7. It will be a challenge to backfill the 17 American doctors who departed Gaza, sources say
	8. Hamas' military wing says commander killed in Israeli airstrike in Lebanon
	9. 17 American doctors who were stuck in Gaza have safely departed, White House says
	10. UN panel calls for all member states to resume funding UN aid agency for Palestinian refugees
	11. Military escalation in Rafah could bring humanitarian operations to a "standstill," WFP warns
	12. Israeli officials react to recovery of bodies of 3 Israeli hostages in Gaza 
	13. "The heart breaks" after bodies of hostages recovered in Gaza, Netanyahu says
	14. Israel's military recovers bodies of 3 hostages in Gaza, according to spokesperson 
	15. Biden's national security adviser is traveling to Saudi Arabia and Israel amid stalled ceasefire talks
	16. Key things to know about the US-built floating pier and the aid that is being delivered to Gaza through it
	17. At least 31 killed by Israeli strikes on Gaza over past 24 hours, Palestinian Ministry of Health says
	18. British aid delivered to Gaza in first shipment via US-built pier
	19. Hezbollah claims responsibility for dozens of rocket launches toward Golan Heights
	20. 2 slightly injured after 75 launches were detected crossing from Lebanon, Israel's military says 
	21. Northern Gaza hospital says it received more than 100 dead bodies since Israel resumed operations in the area
	22. 2 children killed in airstrikes that Israeli military says targeted Hezbollah in the south
	23. IDF says brigade leading Jabalya operation in northern Gaza now fighting in city center
	24. One ship expected to unload Friday at Gaza floating pier
	25. Israel says “calling something a genocide again and again doesn’t make it a genocide” at ICJ
	26. IDF says ground operations in northern Gaza expanded
	27. IDF says 3 soldiers lightly wounded during clashes with Israeli settlers over Gaza aid
	28. US military starts delivering aid to Gaza through floating pier
	29. American medics trapped in Gaza call on US government to help bring them home
	30. Israeli forces are razing parts of Rafah. Here's what you should know
	31. Canada sanctions "perpetrators of extremist settler violence" against civilians in West Bank
	32. Israel says the bodies of 2 Thai nationals are being held by Hamas in Gaza
	33. US House passes bill to prevent Biden from withholding weapons to Israel
	34. Arab leaders want UN peacekeepers in Palestinian territories until a two-state solution is reached
	35. US Defense Department: No indication Hamas is targeting temporary humanitarian pier
	36. White House warns Israel that more humanitarian aid needs to make it into Gaza
	37. South Africa says Israeli evacuation orders in Rafah endanger civilian life
	38. Israel's ground offensive is creeping towards central Rafah, new satellite imagery shows   
05-18-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-18-24
	0. What we're covering
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of the war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. 'Absolute disaster' at Kamal Adwan Hospital as dozens of killed and injured Palestinians arrive
	4. Desperate Gazans grab aid boxes from moving trucks
	5. Israeli Prime Minister’s Office rejects Gantz’s ultimatum
	6. 1 of the 3 American doctors remaining in Gaza speaks out, calling on Biden to help protect aid workers
	7. At least one person arrested during anti-government protests in Tel Aviv
	8. A US-built pier is beginning to funnel aid into Gaza. Here's how it works and what it looks like
	9. About 800,000 people have fled Rafah since Israeli operation began in the city, head of UN agency says
	10. Israeli opposition leader tells Gantz to leave government
	11. 30 people killed by Israeli bombardment in northern Gaza, according to hospital officials
	12. Gantz warns he will withdraw from government if war cabinet does not lay out a plan by early June
	13. Israeli military recovers body of another hostage in Gaza
	14. Access to food in Gaza "dire" following Israeli operation in Rafah, according to UN humanitarian agency
	15. Displaced woman describes "death and horror" at Gaza refugee camp as battles rage nearby
	16. It will be a challenge to backfill the 17 American doctors who departed Gaza, sources say
	17. Military escalation in Rafah could bring humanitarian operations to a "standstill," WFP warns
05-19-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-19-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. US President Joe Biden says in graduation speech that he's called for an "immediate ceasefire" in Gaza
	3. The Israeli military says its forces are fighting and carrying out strikes across Gaza
	4. What to know Sunday as Israeli bombardment leaves dozens dead, and the nation's war cabinet faces an ultimatum
	5. Israeli strikes pound northern Gaza, journalist says, as hospital director warns of dwindling supplies 
	6. Israeli airstrike on refugee camp in central Gaza kills at least 35 people, hospital says
	7. Protesters use giant ballot box to block Jerusalem traffic
	8. "She can rest": Shani Louk's parents grateful after their daughter's body is returned from Gaza 
	9. Two soldiers killed in southern Gaza, Israel Defense Forces says
	10. Saudi crown prince meets with US national security advisor
	11. Displaced woman describes "death and horror" at Gaza refugee camp as battles rage nearby
	12. Access to food in Gaza "dire" following Israeli operation in Rafah, according to UN humanitarian agency
	13. Gantz warns he will withdraw from government if war cabinet does not lay out a plan by early June
05-20-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-20-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Nearly 570 tons of aid delivered across temporary pier to Gaza, US Central Command says
	4. France supports ICC decision to seek arrest warrants for Israeli prime minister and Hamas leaders
	5. US blasts request by international court for arrest warrants for top Israeli officials. Here's the latest
	6. Biden rejects ICC arrest warrant request for Israeli leaders
	7. Italian foreign minister calls court's move to seek arrest warrants for Israeli officials unacceptable
	8. At least 12 dead in Israeli bombardment of Beit Lahia in northern Gaza, health officials say 
	9. Author Salman Rushdie warns of Hamas-run "Taliban-like" Palestinian state
	10. McConnell: "The ICC has succeeded only in discrediting itself"
	11. Jake Sullivan wraps up visit to Middle East
	12. Speaker Mike Johnson confirms House GOP leaders looking at sanctions on ICC
	13. US still supports ICC investigation in Ukraine despite slamming applications for Israeli arrest warrants
	14. More than 900,000 Palestinian people displaced in Gaza over past two weeks
	15. US House GOP leaders eyeing ICC sanctions bill, source says
	16. Iran elections set for June 28, says state media
	17. Israel's Netanyahu "rejects with disgust" ICC prosecutor's bid for his arrest 
	18. ICC prosecutor Khan: "This is not a witch hunt, it’s a forensic process"
	19. ICC responds to Blinken's criticism of arrest warrant application for Israeli leaders
	20. Blinken explains why the US believes ICC has no jurisdiction over the war in Gaza
	21. Blinken says US “fundamentally rejects" ICC prosecutor's announcement
	22. Blinken questions "the legitimacy and credibility of this investigation"
	23. Breaking news: Biden calls arrest warrant applications against Israeli leaders “outrageous”
	24. ICC prosecutor's arrest warrant application "not helpful," says UK 
	25. Human Rights Watch praises ICC prosecutor's call for arrest warrants 
	26. Legal experts, including Amal Clooney, support ICC  decision to seek warrants against Israeli, Hamas leaders
	27. Netanyahu says ICC seeking warrant for his arrest over Israel's military campaign in Gaza "will not deter us"
	28. ICC seeks warrants for Hamas leaders and Netanyahu, as fighting ramps up in Gaza. Here's the latest.
	29. Hamas denounces ICC request for arrest warrants against three of its leaders
	30. House Republicans still weighing ICC seeking war crimes warrants, but expected to forcefully push back
	31. Palestinians queuing for aid killed in airstrike in northern Gaza, says health official
	32. What is the International Criminal Court (ICC)?
	33. Israeli lawmakers across the spectrum condemn ICC seeking arrest warrants for Netanyahu and Gallant
	34. UN agency warns food and fuel stocks in Gaza will run out in a matter of days
	35. Israeli cabinet member reacts to ICC seeking arrest warrants for Netanyahu and Gallant 
	36. UN calls on Israel for "safe" humanitarian access into Gaza "to prevent famine" 
	37. US officials have repeatedly said they “firmly oppose” ICC investigation into Israel-Gaza war
	38. "Nobody is above the law." ICC prosecutor seeking arrest warrants against senior Hamas and Israeli leaders
	39. EXCLUSIVE: ICC seeks arrest warrants against Sinwar and Netanyahu for war crimes over October 7 attack and Gaza war
	40. Two senior Hamas operatives killed in Gaza on the weekend, Israeli forces say
	41. Hezbollah says Iran's president was a “big brother” and “strong supporter”
	42. Hamas and the Houthis mourn death of Iran's president
	43. It's morning in the Middle East. Here's what you need to know
	44. Analysis: Iranian president's death comes at a fraught time for the Middle East
	45. Israeli military releases Hamas video of child who was held hostage 
	46. US President Joe Biden says in graduation speech that he's called for an "immediate ceasefire" in Gaza
	47. The Israeli military says its forces are fighting and carrying out strikes across Gaza
	48. "She can rest": Shani Louk's parents grateful after their daughter's body is returned from Gaza 
	49. Israeli airstrike on refugee camp in central Gaza kills at least 35 people, hospital says
05-21-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-21-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war with Hamas has moved here.
	3. Iran's presidential chief of staff reveals new details of moments after helicopter crash 
	4. Israeli officials agree to specific requests to facilitate humanitarian aid, senior White House official says
	5. Netanyahu denies he is starving civilians in Gaza as method of war in interview with Jake Tapper
	6. Israel says it will return equipment to the AP following condemnation. Here's what you should know
	7. Here are some of the foreign dignitaries expected to attend the Iranian president's funeral
	8. Resettling Gaza was "never in the cards," Netanyahu says
	9. Pentagon says none of the aid unloaded from US pier has reached broader Palestinian population
	10. Israel's Netanyahu tells CNN that ICC charges are "beyond outrageous"
	11. Sources say they were duped by Egypt changing ceasefire terms for Hamas
	12. Israel’s reversal on the AP's live feed followed US request, White House says
	13. Netanyahu to be interviewed on CNN at 4 p.m. ET
	14. Israel cancels order to cut AP live feed, will return camera equipment it seized
	15. More than 569 tons of aid delivered via temporary pier to Gaza so far, Pentagon says
	16. Pro-Palestinian encampments in several Italian universities turn violent
	17. White House urges Israel to reverse decision shutting down Gaza feed from Associated Press
	18. World Health Organization chief calls on Israel to lift blockade on medical aid entering Gaza
	19. Israel's seizure of Associated Press live feed of Gaza sparks swift condemnation
	20. Israel will have to decide whether it wants normalization with Saudi Arabia, Blinken says
	21. US top diplomat Blinken says he's open to legislative action against the ICC
	22. IDF says it is investigating shooting of civilians in Jenin operation
	23. Israeli nurse held hostage tells how she used honey to treat fellow captives' wounds
	24. Team of international medics trapped at Gaza's European hospital safely evacuated
	25. Only 14 aid trucks have reached Gaza through temporary floating pier since last week, Israeli officials say
	26. Netanyahu "not concerned" about traveling as ICC prosecutor seeks warrant for his arrest 
	27. Associated Press says Israeli government shut down its live shot of Gaza and seized its equipment
	28. Hospital director in northern Gaza claims IDF wants to force its closure
	29. Hospital in northern Gaza evacuated after Israeli shell lands at entrance
	30. ICC application for arrest warrants is a "crucial step towards justice," Amnesty International says
	31. Body of Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi arrives in Tehran
	32. 5 bodies brought to Kuwait hospital in Rafah Tuesday
	33. Israel defense chief describes ICC efforts to prosecute him and Netanyahu as "despicable"
	34. UN alarmed by growing difficulty in collecting and distributing aid in Gaza
	35. Germany says seeking of ICC arrest warrants for Hamas and Israel leaders creates false equivalence 
	36. Israeli president says normalization with Saudi Arabia could be historic game-changer
	37. Israeli operation in Jenin kills 7, says Palestinian Health Ministry
	38. Israel’s UN ambassador criticizes Security Council after moment of silence for "Butcher of Tehran"
	39. Iran begins funeral ceremonies for President Raisi as investigators probe helicopter crash
	40. It's morning in Gaza. Here's the latest
	41. More than 900,000 Palestinian people displaced in Gaza over past two weeks
	42. Amal Clooney supports ICC decision to seek arrest warrants 
	43. Nearly 570 tons of aid delivered across temporary pier to Gaza, US military says
	44. France breaks with Western allies to support ICC decision
	45. Biden slams ICC arrest warrant request for Israeli leaders
	46. Israeli bombardment of Beit Lahia in northern Gaza kills at least 12, health officials say 
	47. US Speaker Mike Johnson confirms House GOP leaders looking at sanctions on ICC
05-22-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-22-24
05-23-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-23-24
05-24-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-24-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. International pressure on Israel ramps up after top UN court orders operations to halt in Rafah. What to know
	3. UN Security Council calls for better protection of humanitarian workers in Gaza
	4. Staff from hospital in northern Gaza refuse to leave remaining patients despite Israeli military activity
	5. International leaders react to ICJ order for Israel to halt military operations in Rafah
	6. Israel says it has not carried out actions in Rafah that could lead to the destruction of Palestinian population
	7. Biden and Egyptian president agree to send aid through Kerem Shalom crossing temporarily
	8. Israel claims destruction at West Bank refugee camp was due to "terrorist organizations" operating there
	9. At least 5 Palestinians killed by Israeli airstrike in Gaza City neighborhood, according to local authorities
	10. CIA director meeting with Israeli and Qatari officials Friday
	11. Blinken discusses ICJ and ICC developments with Israeli war cabinet minister in Friday phone call
	12. Analysis: Israel faces unprecedented challenges as legal and diplomatic pressure mounts
	13. Israel will ban Spanish consulate in Jerusalem from providing services to West Bank Palestinians
	14. What we know about the ICJ’s ruling in South Africa’s case against Israel
	15. Palestinian Authority welcomes ICJ decisions, saying it represents "international consensus"
	16. Al-Aqsa Hospital in central Gaza restores power amid fuel crisis
	17. Biden will speak with Egyptian president Friday about hostage talks and aid to Gaza, source says
	18. South Africa welcomes "groundbreaking" ICJ ruling ordering Israel to halt military offensive in Rafah
	19. Netanyahu holds call with cabinet members over ICJ ruling as far-right minister criticizes "anti-semitic court"
	20. ICJ says it's "deeply troubling" that hostages remain in Gaza
	21. What measures did the UN's top court issue to Israel?
	22. ICJ ruling underscores Israel’s growing isolation, experts say
	23. ICJ orders Israel to submit a report within one month on progress related to measures ordered by the court
	24. BREAKING: UN’s top court orders Israel to halt its operation in Rafah
	25. HAPPENING NOW: UN’s top court to make ruling on Israel’s operation in Rafah
	26. German chancellor says it is not yet time for the recognition of a Palestinian state
	27. Israeli delegation will travel to Paris as CIA director travels to Europe for ceasefire and hostage deal talks
	28. Bodies of 3 hostages recovered in Gaza as Israeli attacks spike in occupied West Bank. Catch up on the latest
	29. 121 hostages still being held in Gaza from Hamas-led October 7 attacks, Israel's Prime Minister's Office says 
	30. "Not In Our Name": More than 200 EU staff urge immediate ceasefire in Gaza and halt arms exports to Israel
	31. UN agency for Palestine refugees warns of "another war" in occupied West Bank, following Israeli raid
	32. 2 of the hostages whose bodies were recovered attended Nova music festival
	33. Families of hostages say recovery of bodies "provides important closure" 
	34. Bodies of 3 hostages recovered in Gaza, Israeli forces say
	35. What we know about South Africa's request to stop Israel's invasion of Rafah at the ICJ
	36. UNRWA chief spotlights destruction in West Bank
	37. Israeli forces are going after Hamas in Rafah in "a targeted and precise way," spokesperson says
	38. Gaza hospital warns of health catastrophe if power generators run out of fuel
	39. Israeli army "failed to protect" female soldiers taken hostage on October 7, spokesperson says
	40. CIA director heading to Europe for ceasefire talks, US official says
	41. What's the difference between International Criminal Court and International Court of Justice?
	42. Israeli forces kill 12 people, including 4 children, in West Bank city of Jenin, Palestinian officials say
	43. Aid brought into Gaza via a US-built pier distributed after days of delays
	44. Analysis: Iranian President Raisi’s funeral was about a lot more than him
	45. White House criticizes Israel for withholding funds for Palestinian Authority
	46. Analysis: Recognition of Palestinian statehood is mostly symbolic
05-25-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-25-24
05-26-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-26-24
	0. What we're covering
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war against Hamas in Gaza has moved here. 
	3. Israeli strike on Rafah kills dozens, hours after Hamas fires rockets at Tel Aviv. Here’s the latest
	4. What we know about the Israeli strike on Rafah that killed 35 people 
	5. Doctors Without Borders expresses horror at deadly Israeli strike in Rafah
	6. Israeli military says it killed 2 senior Hamas officials in Rafah strike
	7. At least 35 killed in Israeli strikes on Rafah camp, Gaza health ministry says 
	8. 360 humanitarian aid trucks entered Gaza on Sunday, Israeli military says
	9. At least 30 killed in Israeli strikes on Rafah camp for displaced people, Gaza officials say 
	10. Israeli strike kills at least 4 and leaves rescuers digging for others beneath rubble, Gaza medics say
	11. Netanyahu rejects Hamas leader's demand to end the war for hostage release
	12. Israeli defense minister visits troops in Rafah
	13. Hamas fires rockets at Tel Aviv as hostage talks are set to resume: Here's everything you need to know 
	14. Israel’s war cabinet plans to meet Sunday to discuss hostage and ceasefire deal negotiations
	15. Sirens sound in Tel Aviv after first rocket attack in months
	16. Palestinian Ministry of Health in Gaza reports 81 dead, 223 injured in past 24 hours
	17. Analysis: Israel faces unprecedented challenges as legal and diplomatic pressure mounts
	18. Spain's defense minister says a "real genocide" is taking place in Gaza
	19. Ceasefire talks to resume next week, officials say
	20. Police use water cannon as Israeli protesters demand truce and return of hostages
	21. At least 10 people killed in drone attack on Gaza school used as shelter
05-27-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-27-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of the Israel-Hamas war in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Overnight Israeli bombings in Gaza kill six people, says Palestinian news agency 
	4. Global outrage mounts after "horror" of Israeli strike on Rafah camp comes to light. Here's the latest
	5. Aid agencies call on UN Security Council to enforce ICJ orders on Israel’s actions in Rafah
	6. France and Germany join growing global outrage over Rafah strike 
	7. UN humanitarian chief harshly criticizes Netanyahu for calling deadly Rafah airstrike "a tragic error"
	8. UN Security Council will hold emergency meeting on Tuesday after Israeli strike in Rafah
	9. Israel tells Biden administration that shrapnel from Rafah strike led to fuel tank fire and deaths at camp
	10. There's widespread condemnation of Israel after dozens killed in Rafah airstrike. Here's the latest on the war
	11. Egyptian security source raises concerns of escalation after deadly shooting on Egypt-Gaza border
	12. Rafah's Kuwaiti hospital was forced to close after 2 staffers were killed in Israeli attack, director says
	13. Doctors Without Borders calls for an immediate ceasefire following the deadly airstrike on Rafah
	14. "Images from last night are testament to how Rafah has turned into hell on earth," a top UN aid official says
	15. Emergency workers retrieve body of 4-year-old girl killed by Israeli airstrike on northern Gaza
	16. Deadly Israeli strike on Rafah was a "tragic error," Netanyahu says
	17. UN human rights chief decries "horrific" strike by Israel on Rafah camp 
	18. Turkey argues recognition of Palestinian state should not rest on Israel-Palestine negotiations, says source
	19. White House calls Rafah strike "heartbreaking" while emphasizing deaths of Hamas leaders 
	20. Israeli military investigating deadly strike on Rafah displacement camp
	21. Palestinians with disabilities fear being killed first, UN committee says
	22. Egyptian military says one “security personnel” killed in shooting incident on border with Gaza
	23. Residents in Rafah recount fear after Israeli strike on displacement camp
	24. Macron, “outraged” by Israel’s strike on Rafah, calls for ceasefire
	25. Israel must implement ICJ ruling on halting Rafah offensive, says EU foreign policy chief
	26. Death toll from Rafah strike rises to 45, over 200 wounded, says Gaza Ministry of Health
	27. Turkey “will do everything” in its power to hold Israel accountable after Rafah strike, says Erdogan
	28. EU aims to agree to proposal to relaunch EU border mission at Rafah crossing
	29. German foreign minister says ICJ ruling on Gaza is "binding" and has "to be followed"
	30. Rafah reels from deadly Israeli airstrike on camp for displaced people. Here’s what you need to know
	31. IDF prosecutor “committed” to seeing investigation into Rafah strike “through to conclusion”
	32. Egypt condemns Israel's deadly strike on Rafah
	33. "No place is safe in Gaza," UNRWA tells CNN
	34. Qatar says Israel's strike on Rafah could "hinder" ceasefire-for-hostage negotiations
	35. Spain to ask EU allies to back ICJ order for Israel to halt Rafah operation
	36. Why did Israel's foreign minister reference the Inquisition when limiting Spanish consular powers?
	37. More than 20 Palestinians killed in overnight Israeli strikes across Gaza, medical sources say
	38. Israel moves to curb Spanish consulate's services to West Bank Palestinians
	39. Israeli strike on Rafah kills dozens, hours after Hamas fires rockets at Tel Aviv. Here’s the latest
	40. What we know about the Israeli strike on Rafah that killed 35 people 
	41. Doctors Without Borders expresses horror at deadly Israeli strike in Rafah
	42. Israeli military says it killed 2 senior Hamas officials in Rafah strike
	43. At least 35 killed in Israeli strikes on Rafah camp, Gaza health ministry says
	44. 360 humanitarian aid trucks entered Gaza on Sunday, Israeli military says
05-28-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-28-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war against Hamas in Gaza has moved here.
	3. Nikki Haley writes "Finish them!" on Israeli artillery shells
	4. Algeria draft Security Council resolution calls for ceasefire in Gaza and hostage release, UN diplomat says
	5. Houthi ballistic missiles strike Greek-owned ship in Red Sea, US military says
	6. Nearly 1 million Palestinians displaced from Rafah, UN officials say. Here's what you should know
	7. US-made munitions were used in deadly strike on Rafah tent camp, CNN analysis shows   
	8. French UN ambassador calls on UN Security Council "to take action and to adopt a new resolution"
	9. Doctor describes sleepless nights and "very miserable" situation in Rafah
	10. "There is no shelter, no life, no future." Displaced Palestinians in Rafah wonder where they must move next
	11. Israeli military says it's investigating if Rafah strike set off possible stored weapons near target
	12. Crowds gather in European cities to protest Israel's deadly strike on camp for displaced people in Rafah
	13. White House says attack at Rafah camp didn't cross Biden's red line and there are "no policy changes"
	14. Nearly 1 million people have been displaced from Rafah over the past three weeks, UNOCHA says
	15. UNRWA says staff are "terrified" and moving following strike in Tal al-Sultan
	16. “They kept bleeding until they died.” Residents of Tal al-Sultan camp recount horror of Israeli strike 
	17. US pier constructed off Gaza has broken apart
	18. US will be watching results of Israeli probe into Rafah strike "closely," State Department says
	19. At least 29 killed in two separate Israeli attacks in Rafah on Tuesday, Palestinian officials say
	20. Israeli tanks roll into the center of Rafah. Here’s what you need to know
	21. Israeli military operating in Rafah in a "targeted" and "precise" way, says spokesman
	22. Israeli military says fire at Rafah camp not caused by Israeli weaponry alone
	23. UNSC resolution on Rafah "more necessary than ever," says French foreign ministry
	24. Israel presented mediators with new ideas on hostage and Gaza ceasefire talks, says diplomatic source
	25. Israeli tanks seen in central Rafah for the first time, eyewitnesses say
	26. Ireland formally recognizes the State of Palestine
	27. Hundreds of aid trucks entered Gaza on Monday, but the actual distribution of that aid is a challenge
	28. Norway declares "milestone" as it formally recognizes Palestinian state
	29. Spanish government officially recognizes Palestinian state
	30. Slovenian government will consider a proposal this week to recognize Palestinian state
	31. British foreign secretary wants IDF investigation into Rafah airstrike to be "comprehensive and transparent"
	32. Spain won’t recognize changes to Palestinian borders after 1967 unless agreed by all parties
	33. EU foreign ministers discuss sanctioning Israel, says Irish foreign minister
	34. 1 million people have fled Rafah over three weeks, UNRWA says
	35. "State of Palestine must be viable," Spanish prime minister says ahead of formal recognition
	36. Israelis and Palestinians must make key decisions on core issues to end conflict, former peace negotiator says 
	37. Has Biden's red line on Rafah been crossed?
	38. 3 European nations will formally recognize a Palestinian state today
	39. Overnight Israeli bombings in Gaza kill six people, says Palestinian news agency 
	40. Global outrage mounts after "horror" of Israeli strike on Rafah camp comes to light. Here's the latest
	41. UN Security Council will hold emergency meeting today after Israeli strike in Rafah
	42. Palestinians with disabilities fear being killed first, UN committee says
	43. Fear of escalation after deadly shooting on Egypt-Gaza border
	44. Deadly Israeli strike on Rafah was a "tragic error," Netanyahu says
	45. Spain to ask EU allies to back ICJ order for Israel to halt Rafah operation
	46. Qatar says Israel's strike on Rafah could "hinder" ceasefire-for-hostage negotiations
	47. Rafah's Kuwaiti hospital forced to close after Israeli attack killed 2 staffers
	48. Aid agencies call on UN Security Council to enforce ICJ orders on Israel’s actions in Rafah
05-29-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-29-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of the Israel-Hamas war has moved here.
	3. Gaza could see another 7 months of war, Israel says. Here's the latest
	4. 2 Palestine Red Crescent Society medics were killed in Israeli bombardment in Rafah, officials say
	5. Syria says Israeli strike killed 1 child and wounded 10 civilians
	6. Egypt denies Israel claims of tunnels along border with Gaza
	7. Mexico seeks to join South Africa’s ICJ case against Israel over war in Gaza
	8. Israeli military says it has established “operational control” over Philadelphi Corridor
	9. "Devastation is only intensifying" in Rafah, UN special coordinator says
	10. Macron: France "ready" to recognize a Palestinian state after reforms to Palestinian Authority
	11. Brazil withdraws its ambassador in Tel Aviv after months of tension over the war in Gaza
	12. Israeli tanks seen advancing further west into Rafah
	13. Blinken says Israel must weigh "incremental gains" with "unintended horrific consequences" of action in Gaza
	14. WHO calls for Rafah crossing to reopen as 60 aid trucks stand ready in Egypt's Al Arish
	15. US floating pier for Gaza aid now almost completely dismantled, satellite images show
	16. Israeli war cabinet minister Benny Gantz stresses to Nikki Haley the importance of eradicating Hamas from Gaza
	17. Israel will "never have to worry" about US support, GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham tells Netanyahu
	18. Israel expects "another seven months" of conflict in Gaza, official says
	19. Global anger against Israel is increasing, but the US won't change course. Here's what you need to know
	20. Rafah hospital "has become a red zone" due to Israeli operations, health official tells CNN
	21. How is aid getting into Gaza?
	22. WHO delivers medical supplies to northern Gaza for the first time in two weeks
	23. Saudi Arabia condemns Israel's deadly strike on Rafah 
	24. World Central Kitchen pauses work at its main kitchen in Rafah because of "ongoing attacks"
	25. 30 Palestine Red Crescent Society members killed in Gaza since October 7
	26. It's morning in Gaza. Here's what you should know
	27. Algeria draft Security Council resolution calls for ceasefire in Gaza and hostage release, UN diplomat says
	28. US-made munitions were used in deadly strike on Rafah tent camp, CNN analysis shows   
	29. Nikki Haley writes "Finish them!" on Israeli artillery shells
	30. Israeli tanks seen advancing further into Rafah despite international calls to halt offensive
	31. White House says attack on Rafah camp didn't cross Biden's red line and there are no policy changes
	32. Houthi ballistic missiles strike Greek-owned ship in Red Sea, US military says
	33. Doctor describes sleepless nights and "very miserable" situation in Rafah
	34. "There is no shelter, no life, no future." Displaced Palestinians in Rafah wonder where to move next
	35. Israeli military says it's investigating if Rafah strike set off possible stored weapons near target
	36. “They kept bleeding until they died.” Residents of Tal al-Sultan camp recount horror of Israeli strike 
	37. Israeli military kills at least 29 people in two separate attacks near Rafah, Palestinian officials say
05-30-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-30-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage has ended. Follow the latest Israel-Hamas war news or read through the updates below. 
	3. Hamas tells mediators that if Israel stops war in Gaza, it's possible all the hostages could be released
	4. All pieces of temporary pier for aid are in Ashdod for repair, Pentagon says
	5. Israel's National Unity party files bill to dissolve parliament and trigger new elections
	6. How a likely AI-generated image of Gaza took over the internet
	7. Iranian Supreme Leader applauds US student protesters for another "resistance front" against Israel  
	8. What is the Philadelphi Corridor and why does it matter?
	9. Another 53 deaths in Gaza in 24 hours, health officials say
	10. Parts of Jabalya in rubble following Israeli withdrawal, authorities say
	11. Israel's defense minister assures US of importance of Rafah operation, despite Biden administration warnings
	12. Gaza authorities urge residents to not return home to Jabalya due to Israeli drones firing at civilians
	13. How Joe Biden's red line on Israel became a murky milestone
	14. Palestine Red Crescent Society retrieves bodies of two paramedics killed in Israeli bombardment
	15. Aid entering Gaza dropped by 67% since Israel’s assault on Rafah began, UN says
	16. Soldier killed in northern Gaza, Israeli military says
	17. 66 people including children killed in Gaza safe zones over four days, Save the Children says 
	18. Two Israeli soldiers killed in ramming attack in occupied West Bank, military says
	19. Israeli military says tank fired on "suspicious vehicle" that approached troops in Rafah
	20. China's Xi Jinping calls for peace conference on Israel-Hamas war
	21. Gaza could see another 7 months of war, Israel says. Here's the latest
	22. Israeli bombardment in Rafah kills 2 Palestine Red Crescent Society medics, officials say
	23. Syria says Israeli strike killed 1 child and wounded 10 civilians
	24. Egypt denies Israel claims of tunnels along border with Gaza
	25. Israeli military says it has established “operational control” over Philadelphi Corridor
	26. "Devastation is only intensifying" in Rafah, UN special coordinator says
	27. Israeli tanks seen advancing further west into Rafah
05-31-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-05-31-24
06-01-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-06-01-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. US, Qatar and Egypt call on Israel and Hamas to finalize ceasefire proposal in joint statement
	3. More anti-government protests demanding the release of all Gaza hostages kick off in Israel 
	4. Netanyahu accepts invitation to address US Congress
	5. Families of Israeli hostages call on government to accept ceasefire proposal outlined by Biden
	6. Biden details peace proposal for the war in Gaza: Here's what we know
	7. Israeli, Egyptian and US officials will discuss Rafah crossing reopening Sunday, sources say
	8. Israeli opposition leader says government "cannot ignore" Biden's speech
	9. Israel says conditions for ending Gaza war "have not changed," seemingly contradicting Biden 
	10. IDF says supermarket struck after Hezbollah fires rockets at northern Israel
	11. Palestinians returning to Jabalya find the city reduced to rubble 
	12. Satellite images show IDF is in physical control of majority of Egypt-Gaza border
	13. How a likely AI-generated image of Gaza took over the internet
	14. Israeli war cabinet member urges France to reconsider weapons fair ban
	15. UN food agency can’t feed enough Gazans in "apocalyptic" Rafah as IDF pushes into city
	16. "The war has to end now": EU and UN welcome peace plan for Gaza 
06-02-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-06-02-24
06-03-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-06-03-24
06-04-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-06-04-24
06-05-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-06-05-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage of Israel’s war against Hamas has moved here.
	3. Hostage parents describe difference in support from US versus Israel as "startling" and "awful"
	4. Israel says the Gaza war will not stop for hostage talks with Hamas. Here's what you should know
	5. Israeli army says Hezbollah used 2 self-detonating drones in attack on northern Israel
	6. At least 10 injured in northern Israel, after Hezbollah launches attack from Lebanon
	7. US "incredibly concerned" about risk of escalation on Israel-Lebanon border: State Department
	8. Beirut embassy gunman wore "what appeared to be ISIS insignia": State Department
	9. Israeli nationalists mark Jerusalem Day with anti-Palestinian chants and intimidation in the Old City
	10. IDF opens investigations into deaths of Palestinians held in Israeli detention facilities
	11. Israel says Gaza war will not stop for hostage talks with Hamas
	12. Israeli police detain 5 suspects for throwing objects towards journalists during annual march in Jerusalem
	13. Israeli nationalists' controversial Flag March takes place in Jerusalem's Old City 
	14. Former lawmaker hangs Palestinian flag on Italian cathedral, calling "for a stop to the genocide"
	15. Jewish crowds descend on al-Aqsa mosque, amid contentious display of nationalism 
	16. Brother of shooter targeting US embassy detained in Lebanon
	17. US embassy in Lebanon closed to the public after a gunman opened fire nearby
	18. Erdogan turns up the heat on Israel as his party’s popularity wanes
	19. What is the Flag March in Jerusalem and why is it controversial? 
	20. Gunman was targeting US embassy in Lebanon, Lebanese security source says 
	21. Scores killed in Israeli strike on Gaza's Deir El-Balah, hospital staff say
	22. Israel prepared for "very intense action" along northern border with Lebanon, Netanyahu says  
	23. Man arrested after shooting near US embassy in Lebanon
	24. US House passes bill to sanction International Criminal Court officials after it sought Netanyahu arrest warrant
	25. Slovenia becomes latest European country to recognize Palestinian state
	26. Israel phasing out use of desert detention camp after CNN investigation detailing abuses
	27. 9 Israeli soldiers injured, 2 seriously, after explosion at military base 
	28. Famine "possible, if not likely" to be underway in northern Gaza, expert group warns
	29. Biden suggests Netanyahu may be dragging out the war in Gaza for political survival
	30. Biden administration officials head to Middle East for talks on Gaza truce and hostage release deal
06-06-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-06-06-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage for the day has ended. Follow the latest Israel-Hamas war news or read through the updates below.
	3. Netanyahu set to address Congress next month 
	4. Biden says in ABC interview that he thinks Netanyahu is listening to him 
	5. Catch up on the latest developments in Israel's war in Gaza
	6. Israeli army kills 3 Palestinian Islamic Jihad members in West Bank raid, Palestinian health ministry says
	7. White House is asking Israel for more information about the airstrike on the UN school in Gaza
	8. Qatar says it has not received Hamas’ response to latest ceasefire proposal
	9. UN chief condemns deadly Israeli airstrike on UN-run school in Gaza 
	10. Biden administration presses Middle East allies to threaten Hamas in push for a Gaza ceasefire deal
	11. Israeli military defends strike on UN school in Gaza that killed dozens: "We stopped a ticking time bomb"
	12. The US has not received a response from Hamas on  latest ceasefire proposal, State Department says
	13. US is in contact with Israel over strike on Gaza school where local officials said 14 children were killed
	14. "We want our rights." Palestinian children protest Israeli aid restrictions as risk of famine grows in Gaza 
	15. Yemen's Houthi leader vows to "meet escalation with escalation"
	16. Egypt has had some encouragement from Hamas on Israeli ceasefire proposal, source tells CNN
	17. Israel seeks to extend controversial Al Jazeera ban
	18. UNRWA chief says 6,000 people sheltering at Gaza school when it was hit without warning
	19. Hostage families "strongly support" call from US and others urging Israel and Hamas to close deal 
	20. Why Israel-Hezbollah tensions risk boiling over now
	21. At least 40 people died in strike on UN school in central Gaza, hospital says 
	22. Half of Gaza’s population "expected to face death and starvation" by mid-July, UN warns
	23. Israeli soldier killed in rare Hamas infiltration attempt into Israel
	24. Israeli military targeted 20 to 30 militants in school strike and "not aware of civilian casualties"
	25. Scores killed in Israeli strike on UN school as 17 countries push for ceasefire deal: Here's what you need to know 
	26. "His neck was cut from his body": Scenes of horror after Israeli strike hits UN-run school 
	27. No sick or wounded able to leave Gaza Strip since Rafah crossing occupation, Gaza Health Ministry says
	28. US-made munitions used in deadly Israeli strike on UN school in central Gaza, CNN analysis finds 
	29. US and other countries whose citizens were taken hostage urge Hamas and Israel to "close this deal"
	30. Israeli soldier killed in Hezbollah strike on northern Israel 
	31. "The situation is apocalyptic:" Nurse describes desperate conditions at central Gaza hospital
	32. Hamas says latest proposal it received differs from what Biden laid out and falls short of its demands
	33. UNRWA says school hit "several times" by Israeli strikes
	34. Death toll from Israeli airstrike on UN school in Gaza rises to 45
	35. It's morning in Gaza. Here's what you need to know
	36. 90% of children in Gaza are suffering severe food poverty, UNICEF says
	37. Dozens of Palestinians killed in Israeli airstrike on UN school in central Gaza 
	38. Hezbollah used 2 self-detonating drones in attack on northern Israel, Israeli army says 
	39. US expresses concern about risk of escalation on Israel-Lebanon border
	40. Beirut embassy gunman wore "what appeared to be ISIS insignia": US State Department
	41. Israel says Gaza war will not stop for hostage talks with Hamas
06-07-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-06-07-24
06-08-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-06-08-24
	0. What we covered
	1. All
	2. Today’s live coverage of Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza has now ended.
	3. Death toll rises to at least 236 from Israeli operation in central Gaza, hospital officials say
	4. Israel rescues 4 hostages in raid that Gaza authorities say left at least 200 Palestinians dead. Catch up here
	5. Hamas claims, without providing evidence, that Israel killed some hostages during rescue mission
	6. US team that helped Israel with its rescue operation specializes in information gathering, official says
	7. Demonstrations in Israel call for release of remaining hostages
	8. Netanyahu asks political rival Gantz not to leave Israel's emergency government
	9. Hamas says Israel committed "horrific massacre" against civilians in Nuseirat raid
	10. Israeli military spokesperson says Hamas was holding hostages in civilian buildings
	11. Families of rescued hostages express joy but call for deal to free more hostages
	12. In photos: Palestinians say central Gaza is "hell on earth" during heavy Israeli bombardment
	13. Relatives and friends of freed captives celebrate outside Israel medical facility
	14. Parents of Russian hostage freed from Gaza will be reunited with son in Israel
	15. Over 200 killed as result of Israeli operation to rescue 4 hostages, Gaza government media office says
	16. Netanyahu meets with rescued hostages in hospital
	17. Biden welcomes news of hostage rescue
	18. Israeli counterterrorism police officer dies after being wounded in hostage rescue operation
	19. At least 107 people killed in Israeli military operation in central Gaza, according to hospital 
	20. What we know about the hostages rescued from Gaza today
	21. US aided Israel in hostage rescue, official says
	22. Israeli leaders speak to rescued hostage Noa Argamani: "We didn't give up on you for a moment"
	23. 1 of the released Israeli hostages became symbol of October 7 attacks after her motorbike kidnapping
	24. Number of October 7 hostages in Gaza now 116
	25. Hostage rescue operation took weeks of preparation, Israeli military says
	26. Hostage and Missing Families Forum hails "miraculous triumph" after four hostages freed
	27. Benny Gantz postpones news conference on his possible resignation following hostage rescue
	28. Hostage release comes as Israel says it is "targeting terrorist infrastructure" in Nuseirat
	29. JUST IN: 4 Israeli hostages rescued alive in Gaza military operation, Israeli military says
	30. Just 100,000 people remain in southern Rafah following Israeli offensive, UN agency says
	31. 6 members of one family killed in Israeli airstrike on central Gaza
	32. US-built pier off Gaza has been repaired and flow of aid expected to resume in the coming days
	33. United Nations adds Israel's military to list of offenders who committed violations against children
	34. Benny Gantz will speak later today, as he reaches deadline for threatened withdrawal from Israeli government
	35. Blinken will travel to Middle East to press for agreement on ceasefire and hostage release deal
06-09-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-06-09-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage has ended for the day. Read the latest on Benny Gantz’s resignation here.
	3. Netanyahu asks Gantz to change his mind and not resign from Israel's war cabinet
	4. An Israeli war cabinet minister has quit shortly after a deadly hostage raid in Gaza. Here's what to know 
	5. Outgoing Israeli war cabinet minister calls for elections: "Do not let our people be torn apart"
	6. Analysis: Why the departure of war cabinet member Benny Gantz does — and doesn’t — matter
	7. BREAKING: Benny Gantz quits Israeli war cabinet
	8. Key Israeli war cabinet member Benny Gantz speaks as uncertainty surrounds his potential resignation
	9. US national security adviser calls for ceasefire deal after Israeli hostage rescue mission
	10. Regional leaders condemn civilian death toll from Israeli rescue operation
	11. Survivors of strikes on central Gaza risk their lives to get injured Palestinians to hospitals
	12. Yesterday marked Gaza's deadliest day in 6 months, Palestinian health ministry says
	13. Netanyahu hails "heroic" hostage rescue but faces continued pressure to free those remaining
	14. Israeli operation in central Gaza to have "negative effect" on negotiations, Egyptian official says
	15. 33 arrested in anti-government protests in Tel Aviv
	16. How Israel’s operation to rescue four hostages from Gaza unfolded
	17. Father dies before seeing son that was rescued from Gaza
	18. Palestinian leader demands UN Security Council meeting over Israeli operation in central Gaza
	19. Ships struck off Yemen's port city of Aden in latest maritime attacks 
	20. Israel rescues 4 hostages in raid that Gaza authorities say left over 200 Palestinians dead. Here's what to know
06-10-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-06-10-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage for the day has ended. Follow the latest Israel-Hamas war news or read through the updates below.
	3. Israel "will not engage in meaningless" negotiations, top diplomat says following Security Council vote 
	4. Here's how Israel conducted its operation to rescue 4 hostages while reportedly killing over 270 Palestinians
	5. "Burden is on the Israeli side" to implement UN-backed ceasefire deal, Palestinian ambassador to UN says
	6. Catch up: Blinken is in Jerusalem for Israel-Hamas deal diplomacy after the release of 4 Israeli hostages
	7. "Fighting could stop today," US ambassador to the UN says while urging Hamas to accept ceasefire deal
	8. "We did not have time to bury the dead" in Nuseirat on Saturday, MSF doctor says
	9. 1,000 truckloads of aid for Gaza stranded at Kerem Shalom crossing, Israel says
	10. Hamas welcomes UN Security Council resolution on Gaza and says it's ready to cooperate with mediators
	11. UN food agency pauses operations at temporary US pier in Gaza while security assessment is carried out
	12. UN Security Council approves US proposal for permanent ceasefire in Gaza
	13. Israeli police release video of the moment when 3 hostages were rescued in Gaza
	14. Blinken stresses to Netanyahu that the world will stand behind the ceasefire and hostage proposal
	15. Doctor treating rescued Israeli hostages says they were beaten while in captivity
	16. Israel's former Ambassador to the United Nations to replace Erdan after leaked transcript 
	17. 2 of the hostages freed Saturday have left hospital
	18. Israeli drone shot down in south Lebanon amid rising tensions
	19. UNSC to vote on ceasefire proposal at 3 p.m. ET
	20. Blinken arrives in Israel amid diplomatic push
	21. Blinken says "the best way" to get American hostages' home is through a ceasefire deal
	22. Blinken warns Israeli postwar plan for Gaza is "imperative"
	23. Blinken asks leaders in the Middle East to "press Hamas to say yes" to ceasefire and hostage proposal
	24. Mother of rescued hostage wants both Israel and Hamas to accept ceasefire deal
	25. Mother of hostage says her birthday "wish came true" when her son was returned 
	26. Here's a brief summary of the news from Gaza this weekend
	27. Blinken set to meet with Gantz following Israeli war cabinet resignation
	28. Rescued hostage reunited with terminally ill mother
	29. US resumes airdrop of aid into Gaza
	30. Gaza resident says he saw Israeli special forces disguised as Hamas fighters in rescue operation
	31. Analysis: What the departure of Israeli war cabinet member Benny Gantz means
	32. Israeli military releases video showing rescue of hostages from Gaza 
	33. Head of Israeli military's Gaza Division resigns saying he "failed" to protect border area around Gaza 
	34. World Food Programme pauses delivery of Gaza aid through US-built pier 
	35. Saturday marked Gaza's deadliest day in 6 months, Palestinian health ministry says
	36. US national security adviser calls for ceasefire deal after Israeli hostage rescue mission
06-11-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-06-11-24
06-12-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-06-12-24
06-13-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-06-13-24
	0. What we covered here
	1. All
	2. Our live coverage for the day has ended. Follow the latest Israel-Hamas war news or read through the updates below.
	3. "No one has any idea" how many Israeli hostages are still alive, senior Hamas official says
	4. US rejects Houthi claims about US Mission Yemen staff as "disinformation"
	5. At least 1 dead after strike in southern Lebanon injures multiple people, Lebanon National News Agency says
	6. Houthi anti-ship missiles hit a cargo ship, injuring a mariner, CENTCOM says
	7. Biden says Hamas' refusal to sign ceasefire is the possible deal's "biggest hangup"
	8. US military may again temporarily dismantle pier off the coast of Gaza due to rough sea conditions
	9. Israeli soldiers catapult fireball into Lebanon using a trebuchet, a weapon rarely used since the 16th century
	10. Israeli high court extends ban on Al Jazeera for 45 days
	11. Benny Gantz says Israel knows how many hostages in Gaza are still alive
	12. Ceasefire and hostage deal in limbo and Israel sits out further talks. Catch up on the latest news here
	13. Biden says he's not confident in a ceasefire deal soon, but adds he hasn't lost hope
	14. Israel is not sending a delegation to ceasefire talks in light of Hamas demands, CNN analyst says
	15. Netanyahu visits base of unit that carried out hostage rescue mission
	16. Displaced people in Gaza finding it harder to relocate as Israel continues operations, report says
	17. 40 rockets fired at northern Israel and occupied Golan Heights from Lebanon cause fires, Israeli military says
	18. Israeli hostage initially thought Israeli forces who rescued him were sent to kill him, family says
	19. Tons of waste pose "catastrophic" risks in Gaza, UNRWA says
	20. It's morning in Gaza. Catch up on the latest here
	21. Gaza war adds to 8% rise in forcibly displaced people worldwide, UN refugee agency says
	22. Israel denies striking designated safe zone following Palestinian news agency report
	23. Israel denies striking designated "safe zone" following Palestinian news agency report
	24. Hamas says it has shown "necessary positivity" to reach an acceptable agreement
	25. Hostages group urges mediators to "intensively continue negotiations"
	26. Hamas is moving goalposts in ceasefire negotiations, US official says 
	27. Red Cross says it has received information from Israel that fighting will continue in western Rafah
06-14-24	https://edition.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/israel-hamas-war-gaza-news-06-14-24
